"I think it is totally wrong and terribly harmful if education is defined as acquiring knowledge." - William Glasser
"Well, the chairman of Federal Reserve just made his move to rescue Barack Obama. We're gonna have QE3. We're gonna print some more money." - Rush Limbaugh
"Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday." - John Wayne
"You know, I'm a television personality. It's not like I'm a famous hooker or something!" - Brett Somers
"Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to." - Tammy Wynette
"Any problem, big or small, within a family, always seems to start with bad communication. Someone isn't listening." - Emma Thompson
"Let it ever be remembered that genuine faith in Christ will ever be productive of good works for this faith worketh by love, as the apostle says, and love to God always produces obedience to his holy laws." - Adam Clarke
"I think we're very complicated and we're capable of all kinds of things, and movies don't reflect that." - Ryan Gosling
"The main thing is that it's nice to see these young people - 9 to 14 years old - take the opportunity to get more involved in their health and fitness. We need more kids to be more active." - Rafer Johnson
"All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them." - Magic Johnson
"An important consequence of freeing oneself from the fear of death is a radical opening to spirituality of a universal and non-denominational type." - Stanislav Grof
"Journey with me to a true commitment to our environment. Journey with me to the serenity of leaving to our children a planet in equilibrium." - Paul Tsongas
"All I know is that history repeats itself and people are going to want to experience the world. But I know then they are going to have a better appreciation for what is here in Maine." - John Baldacci
"I wanted to learn everything I could about what it takes to be a great chef. It was a turning point for me." - Thomas Keller
"People should have freedom in their pilgrimages and tours. They should come and visit historical monuments and sites - let's say the sites around Iran - where they can easily engage in wide- scale contacts with others." - Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
"Untitled' is a time machine that can transport you to 1992, an edgy moment when the art world was crumbling, money was scarce, and artists like Tiravanija were in the nascent stages of combining Happenings, performance art, John Cage, Joseph Beuys, and the do-it-yourself ethos of punk. Meanwhile, a new art world was coming into being.;Jerry Saltz;money
47722;Now people look at 'The Scream' or Van Gogh's 'Irises' or a Picasso and see its new content: money. Auction houses inherently equate capital with value.;Jerry Saltz;money
47723;Art is for anyone. It just isn't for everyone. Still, over the past decade, its audience has hugely grown, and that's irked those outside the art world, who get irritated at things like incomprehensibility or money.;Jerry Saltz;money
47724;I love art dealers. In some ways, they're my favorite people in the art world. Really. I love that they put their money where their taste is, create their own aesthetic universes, support artists, employ people, and do all of this while letting us see art for free. Many are visionaries.;Jerry Saltz;money
47725;When museums are built these days, architects, directors, and trustees seem most concerned about social space: places to have parties, eat dinner, wine-and-dine donors. Sure, these are important these days - museums have to bring in money - but they gobble up space and push the art itself far away from the entrance.;Jerry Saltz;money
47726;The people of this country, not special interest big money, should be the source of all political power.;Paul Wellstone;money
47727;Many people are in the dark when it comes to money, and I'm going to turn on the lights.;Suze Orman;money
47728;Take free money. No matter how in debt you are, if your employer offers a matching contribution on a 401(k) or other retirement vehicle, you must sign up and contribute enough to get the maximum company match each year. Think of it as a bonus.;Suze Orman;money
47729;Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.;Gary Oldman;money
47730;I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money." - Demetri Martin
"Humor has always been important to me. If there is a shield of faith that you can keep up against difficulties, humor is the Teflon coating." - Laurel Lee
"Of all tasks of government the most basic is to protect its citizens against violence." - John Foster Dulles
"I failed to make the chess team because of my height." - Woody Allen
"We could say we want the Web to reflect a vision of the world where everything is done democratically. To do that, we get computers to talk with each other in such a way as to promote that ideal." - Tim Berners-Lee
"In terms of the legal matter of creating a contract between two people that's called marriage, and allowing them to live together with the protection of law, it seems to me is the way we should be moving in this country." - Colin Powell
"Wit is a weapon. Jokes are a masculine way of inflicting superiority. But humor is the pursuit of a gentle grin, usually in solitude." - Frank Muir
"I have been recently diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome, an autoimmune disease which is an ongoing medical condition that affects my energy level and causes fatigue and joint pain." - Venus Williams
"When I was young, I did actually model and was much photographed by famous photographers. But I was always a bookworm." - Marina Warner
"I came here in 1974 to do a play, and then I went to L.A. I really like living in America. I feel more at home here than anywhere else." - Anthony Hopkins
"The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets." - John D. Rockefeller
"For example, I was a White House intern the summer before I dropped out of law school. Everybody knew about it. I'd come home and go to church and everybody would say, 'Oh, my God. Demetri, you're working at the White House.'" - Demetri Martin
"Science fiction is an amazing literature: plot elements that you would think would be completely worn out by now keep changing into surprising new forms." - Connie Willis
"Having achieved my own dreams, I want to give to kids who are less fortunate, who struggle with everyday obstacles. I want to give them something positive in their lives: support." - Kristi Yamaguchi
"Irregular contact with doctors means many men fail to receive any preventive care for potentially life-threatening conditions. In addition, when men do seek care, embarrassment can often prevent them from openly discussing health concerns with their physicians." - Michael Crapo
"Jason Lee is the most famous actor from Hawaii I can think of." - Tia Carrere
"I have the same sense of the power and virtue of knowledge that some people get from a religious background." - Walter Gilbert
"Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?" - Fulton J. Sheen
"Some of us might find happiness if we quit struggling so desperately for it." - William Feather
"We have to always hope in humanity that people will make the right choices." - King Abdullah II
"I am bound to add that the excess in too little has ever proved in me more dangerous than the excess in too much the last may cause indigestion, but the first causes death." - Giacomo Casanova
"But let me perfectly clear, because I know you'll hear the same old claims that rolling back these tax breaks means a massive tax increase on the American people: if your family earns less than $250,000 a year, you will not see your taxes increased a single dime. I repeat: not one single dime." - Barack Obama
"When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle. Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me." - Emo Philips
"A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding." - Steve Prefontaine
"All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it." - Fred Allen
"I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?" - Ernest Hemingway
"I just think Rosa Parks was overrated. Last time I checked, she got famous for breaking the law." - Stephen Colbert
"Christians must share their faith in obedience to the Great Commission, because we are only seeing the fruit of sin this side of death." - Ray Comfort
"The U.S. will ignore the opinion of the Iraqi people and it will compose the new government according to its own desires." - Muqtada al Sadr
"The food in Sydney is an Asian Pacific cuisine. It's eclectic but above all it's fresh, inventive and creative and that's what I love about it." - Baz Luhrmann
"Animals that we eat are raised for food in the most economical way possible, and the serious food producers do it in the most humane way possible. I think anyone who is a carnivore needs to understand that meat does not originally come in these neat little packages." - Julia Child
"A day spent praising the earth and lamenting man's pollutionist history makes you feel like a superior, sensitive soul." - Russell Baker
"The one thing my mom will let me get is a nice shoe sometimes." - Chloe Moretz
"Democracy functions best when we have an active citizenry." - Rick Perry
"Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others." - Amelia Earhart
"Because of a great love, one is courageous." - Lao Tzu
"What happiness is there which is not purchased with more or less of pain?" - Margaret Oliphant
"The attitude of the actor is his interpretation of what he reads, and the written word is what creates the role in the actor's mind, and I guess in reading the things that were given to me, I reacted as you guys saw me, you know." - Gene Barry
"A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience." - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
"One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train." - Morihei Ueshiba
"I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because they're good or there because they're lucky." - Katharine Hepburn
"Our fathers valued change for the sake of its results we value it in the act." - Alice Meynell
"I've always been a bit of a car freak." - Eric Bana
"I'd like to see the health care professionals making decisions, not some bureaucrat in Indianapolis working for an insurance company." - Charles Schumer
"I think I've got my business notions and my sense for that sort of thing from my dad. My dad never had a chance to go to school. He couldn't read and write. But he was so smart. He was just one of those people that could just make the most of anything and everything that he had to work with." - Dolly Parton
"It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?" - Jim Carrey
"Take from the philosopher the pleasure of being heard and his desire for knowledge ceases." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"Beauty is indeed a good gift of God but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked." - Saint Augustine
"Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like." - Will Smith
"Bad religion is arrogant, self-righteous, dogmatic and intolerant. And so is bad science. But unlike religious fundamentalists, scientific fundamentalists do not realize that their opinions are based on faith. They think they know the truth." - Rupert Sheldrake
"What I hope in my ideal world is that with each project, I'll either get to work with a really great script that would force me to grow, or work with a really great actor who will make me better." - Laura Linney
"To penetrate and dissipate these clouds of darkness, the general mind must be strengthened by education." - Thomas Jefferson
"You're asking the wrong girl about fame. I'm hardly famous. I wouldn't want to trade places with anyone else." - Nikki Cox
"My aim then was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us." - William Tecumseh Sherman
"The thing that helped me get into the film business was that I went to school in Athens, Georgia and managed to get on, um, working on music videos for a band called R.E.M. and that kind of opened up a lot of doors for me." - Alton Brown
"Life has changed enormously, and I hope - I hope more people read good things." - Barbara Bush
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it." - Confucius
"I'm a car fanatic and each morning I wake up with a smile on my face, whether I'm commentating on the Formula One or at Silver Hatch racetrack in Roary the Racing Car." - Murray Walker
"The golden age is before us, not behind us." - William Shakespeare
"Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality." - Salvador Dali
"For us democracy is a question of human dignity. And human dignity is political freedom." - Olof Palme
"Do we believe that the goal of government is to promote equal opportunity for all Americans to make the most of their lives? Or, do we now believe that government's role is to equalize the results of peoples lives?" - Paul Ryan
"The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition." - Honore de Balzac
"Although my family - parents and sister - all work in the personnel management business, their real passion is performing, amateur operatic societies and so on." - Michael Sheen
"On the environmental front there's concern about global warming and high levels of carbon dioxide, and trees take in CO2 and store carbon." - Clive Anderson
"I think that's what distinguishes Schmidt, really. In the movies now, so much of what is appealing to an audience is the dramatic or has to do with science fiction, and Schmidt is simply human. There's no melodrama there's no device, It's just about a human being." - Jack Nicholson
"Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge." - George William Curtis
"Acquire a government over your ideas, that they may come down when they are called, and depart when they are bidden." - Isaac Watts
"The purpose of thinking about the future is not to predict it but to raise people's hopes." - Freeman Dyson
"The people will save their government, if the government itself will allow them." - Abraham Lincoln
"What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams." - Marco Rubio
"I'm not a traditional politician, and I have a sense of humor. I'll try to soften it and become boring, maybe even very boring, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to." - Silvio Berlusconi
"Dad needs to show an incredible amount of respect and humor and friendship toward his mate so the kids understand their parents are sexy, they're fun, they do things together, they're best friends. Kids learn by example. If I respect Mom, they're going to respect Mom." - Tim Allen
"A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists." - Don Marquis
"Oh there are lots of doctors and medical professionals out there who buy my devices at whole sale price." - Alex Chiu
"While democracy in the long run is the most stable form of government, in the short run, it is among the most fragile." - Madeleine Albright
"Faith is a state of openness or trust." - Alan Watts
"Wars of nations are fought to change maps. But wars of poverty are fought to map change." - Muhammad Ali
"My life needs editing." - Mort Sahl
"My dad always told me that anyone's voice is just another instrument added to the music." - T-Pain
"Happiness is a monstrosity! Punished are those who seek it." - Gustave Flaubert
"I have acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family and violates my, or any, sense of right and wrong. I apologize first and most importantly to my family. I apologize to the public, whom I promised better." - Eliot Spitzer
"The abdomen is the reason why man does not readily take himself to be a god." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I'm looking out for myself, but I'm looking out for my dad, too." - Jamie Redknapp
"I don't like this idea of Method. I come from that school, but what I was taught was that it's your imagination. You do your homework, and you use your imagination." - Mark Ruffalo
"You can't teach somebody how to be funny. You're either funny, or you ain't." - Denis Leary
"Environmentalists have a very conflicted relationship with their cars." - Tom Arnold
"Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it." - Bill Cosby
"The more you are getting older, you lose a little something. Of course there is another advantage, because of your long experience you can use it." - Haile Gebrselassie
"The income tax is a twentieth-century socialist experiment that has failed. Before the income tax was imposed on us just 80 years ago, government had no claim to our income. Only sales, excise, and tariff taxes were allowed." - Alan Keyes
"Now, in reality, the world have paid too great a compliment to criti" - Fielding, Henry
"Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work." - Aldous Huxley
"Now I believe that lovers should be draped in flowers and laid entwined together on a bed of clover and left there to sleep, left there to dream of their happiness." - Conor Oberst
"Humor is imperative, more important than food. You have a choice when someone dies. You can lie down or get back into life. Do something for someone else." - Doris Roberts
"It is just called Continuing Legal Education. You can go to lectures, you can even listen to tapes on airplanes - they want you to stay current. So you do have to stay current to maintain your license even if you are not practicing." - Frank Shorter
"There is only one real sin and that is to persuade oneself that the second best is anything but second best." - Doris Lessing
"Last year, Congress gave the Department of Defense the authority to design a new civilian personnel system for its employees as part of the defense authorization bill." - Norm Dicks
"My favorite literature to read is fairly dry history. I like the framework, and my imagination can do the rest." - Andrew Bird
"So here is one of my theories on happiness: we cannot know if we have lived a truly happy life until the very end. This view of life and death was reinforced by my close witnessing of the buildup to the death of Philip Gould. Philip was without doubt my closest friend in politics. When he died, I felt like I had lost a limb." - Alastair Campbell
"Of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive." - C. S. Lewis
"I can only point out a curious fact. Year after year the Nobel Awards bring a moment of happiness not only to the recipients, not only to colleagues and friends of the recipients, but even to strangers." - Alfred Day Hershey
"Courage is doing what you are afraid to do. There can be no courage unless you are scared." - Eddie Rickenbacker
"It's like those high-school yearbook photos that everyone would rather not see: Oh my God, look at that mullet hair. I have those photos too, but for me, they're, like, entire movies. And they show them on cable." - John Cusack
"Someone who doesn't take herself too seriously and can be a goofball. Because everyone's a nerd inside, I don't care how cool you are." - Channing Tatum
"I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars." - Og Mandino
"We regard intelligence as man's main characteristic and we know that there is no superiority which intelligence cannot confer on us, no inferiority for which it cannot compensate." - Henri Bergson
"Berry Gordy turned his house into a studio and discovered over 30 acts in the city. And we're famous all over the world." - Martha Reeves
"Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded." - Jennifer Ellison
"Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk; it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine." - Dinesen, Isak
"A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished." - Zsa Zsa Gabor
"The surprising thing about fatherhood was finding my inner mush. Now I want to share it with the world." - Christopher Meloni
"Beyonce is the most amazing woman in the world." - Chris O'Dowd
"I believe that the fight against crime starts in the home. Parents must take responsibility for their children and show them love and guidance from an early age so they learn to respect the rights of others." - Blanche Lincoln
"I see heaven's glories shine and faith shines equal." - Emily Bronte
"If you ever find happiness by hunting for it, you will find it, as the old woman did her lost spectacles, safe on her own nose all the time." - Josh Billings
"Market leadership can translate directly to higher revenue, higher profitability, greater capital velocity, and correspondingly stronger returns on invested capital." - Jeff Bezos
"I saw many people who had advanced heart disease and I was so frustrated because I knew if they just knew how to do the right thing, simple lifestyle and diet steps, that the entire trajectory of their life and health would have been different." - Mehmet Oz
"You don't have to worry about whether the car is set up right or not, you know it is, and it's down to you. Ultimately, that's what every driver wants." - Bobby Rahal
"I suppose women are attracted to the bad-boy image sometimes because it's fun to have an adventure. It's like eating junk food... it's fun at the time, but ultimately not the best choice." - Dita Von Teese
"All poetry has to do is to make a strong communication. All the poet has to do is listen. The poet is not an important fellow. There will also be another poet." - Stevie Smith
"Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all." - Emily Dickinson
"Making a film of a work you've played for six weeks gives you intimate knowledge of the character. By the time you go in front of the camera you've worked out the behavior and life of a character." - Linda Lavin
"Immortality Device has been tested and researched by medical researchers all over the world from time to time. They email me and told me what they found. I post their results sometimes on my site." - Alex Chiu
"When I first thought of the idea for 'Sweet Valley High,' I loved the idea of high school as microcosm of the real world. And what I really liked was how it moved things on from 'Sleeping Beauty'-esque romance novels where the girl had to wait for the hero. This would be girl-driven, very different, I decided - and indeed it is." - Francine Pascal
"I speak about family and adoption because it 100% changed my life and who I am. It definitely played a very large role into just learning how to be grateful for what you have and being fulfilled in a way that a lot of adopted kids don't feel." - Jenna Ushkowitz
"Your daily life is your temple and your religion. When you enter into it take with you your all." - Khalil Gibran
"Alone we can do so little together we can do so much." - Helen Keller
"Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle." - Bob Hope
"Orlando's a part of me. The next guy's a part of me. And the next guy's a part of me. That's all I'm trying to do, is tell cool stories that people can relate to." - Shemar Moore
"You say a new era in art is preparing you sensed it coming continue your studies without weakening. God will do the rest." - Paul Cezanne
"Never raise your hand to your children - it leaves your midsection unprotected." - Robert Orben
"Survival requires us to leave our prejudices at home. It's about doing whatever it takes - and ultimately those with the biggest heart will win." - Bear Grylls
"Religion is the solid basis of good morals therefore education should teach the precepts of religion, and the duties of man toward God." - Gouverneur Morris
"In my family, we let our boys have a say in what veggie side they want for dinner that night. We list off a handful of options and get them excited about helping to plan the dinner menu. They're much more inclined to finish their plates when they've helped decide what goes on them." - Cat Cora
"A great source of calamity lies in regret and anticipation therefore a person is wise who thinks of the present alone, regardless of the past or future." - Oliver Goldsmith
"It's important to say that actors can't act alone, it's impossible. What we have to do is support each other." - Philip Seymour Hoffman
"I came to live in Shepperton in 1960. I thought: the future isn't in the metropolitan areas of London. I want to go out to the new suburbs, near the film studios. This was the England I wanted to write about, because this was the new world that was emerging." - J. G. Ballard
"Our marriage is between us. If we decide to continue being together or not, it's our business." - Gwyneth Paltrow
"Democrats think the country works better with a strong middle class, real opportunities for poor people to work their way into it and a relentless focus on the future, with business and government working together to promote growth and broadly shared prosperity. We think 'we're all in this together' is a better philosophy than 'you're on your own.'" - William J. Clinton
"I know of only one duty, and that is to love." - Albert Camus
"The greatest wealth is to live content with little." - Plato
"Most people come to fear not death itself, but the many terrible ways of dying." - Polly Toynbee
"I wanted to be a rich, famous rock-and-roll star in that order." - Dee Snider
"A marriage is no amusement but a solemn act, and generally a sad one." - Queen Victoria
"The one ironclad rule is that I have to try. I have to walk into my writing room and pick up my pen every weekday morning." - Anne Tyler
"I grew up in an abusive home and was told on a daily basis by my father that I would never amount to anything and that I looked like a boy." - Janice Dickinson
"He wants you all to Himself to put His loving, divine arms around you." - Charles Stanley
"I have a Woody Allen Jewish attitude to life: that it's all going to be disastrous. That it hasn't all been that way is simply down to some random quirk of fate." - Antony Sher
"I get recognized, but I'm not really a famous famous." - Dave Attell
"It's always good to get a smaller tournament under your belt so that by the time you get to the Slams, you have a lot of experience." - Serena Williams
"By the way, movies are like sporting events in that you're as good as the movie you're in. You can sit in a room for 20 years and go do a movie and you can just kill in it and you move to the head of the line again. By the same token, you can do five movies a year and if they're dreck, it's nothing." - Albert Brooks
"I am a beneficiary of the American people's generosity, and I hope we can have comprehensive immigration legislation that allows this country to continue to be enriched by those who were not born here." - Madeleine Albright
"Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible." - Ray Bradbury
"In my afternoon walk I would fain forget all my morning occupations and my obligations to society." - Henry David Thoreau
"You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection." - Buddha
"A boy is naturally full of humor." - Robert Powell
"My dreams were all my own I accounted for them to nobody they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free." - Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
"Gabriel Byrne is an extraordinary human being. We have two extraordinary kids and we work at it. We were always friends. He stuck by me through very hard times, and I hope he'd say the same about me." - Ellen Barkin
"Music is something that always lifts my spirits and makes me happy, and when I make music I always hope it will have the same effect on whoever listens to it." - Aaron Carter
"Fear not and the God of mercies grant a full gale and a fair entry into His kingdom, which may carry sweetly and swiftly over the bar, that you find not the rub of death." - Donald Cargill
"Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction." - John F. Kennedy
"I have Muslim members of my family. I have lived in Muslim countries." - Barack Obama
"Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together." - Alvar Aalto
"When I'm in London, Claridge's is a great favourite. I'm a big fan of art deco architecture and the rooms are extraordinary." - Roman Coppola
"An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have." - Andy Warhol
"You know not having my real dad around and having a step dad made me want to be a great dad. So now I have been one for 9 years. And now 3 daughters. So, that is what I am - a dad, first and foremost, before anything else. It's just something that comes natural now." - Tim McGraw
"Humor is one of the best ingredients of survival." - Aung San Suu Kyi
"As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all." - Blaise Pascal
"Numerous politicians have seized absolute power and muzzled the press. Never in history has the press seized absolute power and muzzled the politicians." - David Brinkley
"Ultimately, I believe the only secret to a happy marriage is choosing the right person. Life is a series of choices, right?" - Michelle Pfeiffer
"I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange." - Megan Fox
"I learned from Mr. Wrigley, early in my career, that loyalty wins and it creates friendships. I saw it work for him in his business." - Ernie Banks
"The construction of Europe is an art. It is the art of the possible." - Jacques Chirac
"In this possibly terminal phase of human existence, democracy and freedom are more than just ideals to be valued - they may be essential to survival." - Noam Chomsky
"When dad told me Mr Steptoe had passed away, I broke down." - Louise Brown
"The sexes were made for each other, and only in the wise and loving union of the two is the fullness of health and duty and happiness to be expected." - William Hall
"Failure has gone to his head." - Wilson Mizner
"To be given the opportunity to help shape new artists' careers and mentor them to see their dreams come to fruition is a task I welcome with open arms." - Christina Aguilera
"If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants." - Lao Tzu
"I'm so unprofessional on set it's not even funny." - Katharine McPhee
"Happiness is not a possession to be prized, it is a quality of thought, a state of mind." - Daphne du Maurier
"Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I'm a military kid, both parents in the military - Mom did 12 years, Dad did 21, served in two wars. So discipline is something that was huge." - Robert Griffin III
"So I won an Oscar. It's amazing. I've got that for the rest of my life for a performance I am proud of. It nearly killed me. I am really proud of the film. That's it, moving on." - Kate Winslet
"I loved the house the way you would any new house, because it is populated by your future, the family of children who will fill it with noise or chaos and satisfying busy pleasures." - Jane Smiley
"The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability." - Henry Ford
"I do love television. But the business is accelerating and people are not getting the chance to fail." - Dick Wolf
"I am interested in getting people to use the healthcare system at the right time, getting them to see the doctor early enough, before a small health problem turns serious." - Donna Shalala
"Lovers may be - and indeed generally are - enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations." - Lord Byron
"The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor." - Vince Lombardi
"My definition of courage is never letting anyone define you." - Jenna Jameson
"Security is still the most important issue facing Washington state residents and millions of Americans - the security of having a job, of access to affordable health care, of a quality education, and of protecting our homeland and defending our nation." - Patty Murray
"The comic is the perception of the opposite humor is the feeling of it." - Umberto Eco
"The hottest place in Hell is reserved for those who remain neutral in times of great moral conflict." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I shouldn't have got married. My dad told me. I was 35 and I got married. He said, 'You're too young to be married'. 'What? I'm 35'. Said, 'You're far too young. You haven't lived yet'. He was right, bless him, thanks, Dad." - Rod Stewart
"If liberty has any meaning it means freedom to improve." - Philip Wylie
"I have more than once in my time woken up feeling like death." - Christopher Hitchens
"I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em." - Yogi Berra
"Open the way before the new government to prove that it is for serving the people." - Muqtada al Sadr
"He who despairs of the human condition is a coward, but he who has hope for it is a fool." - Albert Camus
"The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself." - Charles Bronson
"Being yourself is one of the hardest things because it's scary. You always wonder whether you'll be accepted for who you really are. I decided to call my record 'Inside Out' because that's my motto about life. I don't think you ever succeed at trying to be anyone else but who you truly are." - Emmy Rossum
"The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time." - Mark Twain
"In my childhood, America was like a religion. Then, real-life Americans abruptly entered my life - in jeeps - and upset all my dreams." - Sergio Leone
"I brought a Border Collie back home to Vancouver from Wales - where some of my ancestors are from - and needed to challenge him in other ways than just being my pet. So I investigated sheep herding and took a few lessons, and decided I was probably learning more than my dog!" - Jane Siberry
"People who don't read seem to me mysterious. I don't know how they think or learn about other people. Novels are a very important part of our education." - Nina Bawden
"If you work at comedy too laboriously, you can kill what's funny in the joke." - Richard Russo
"I am imagination. I can see what the eyes cannot see. I can hear what the ears cannot hear. I can feel what the heart cannot feel." - Peter Nivio Zarlenga
"My mom was a '70s mom. She paved a road that no one had yet walked." - Melissa Leo
"While it is important for people to see your promise you must also remember that hope is the keeper of both happiness and disappointment, the father of both progress and failure." - Bryant H. McGill
"The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it." - Moliere
"My daily schedule is quite hectic, but I have to put my health first in order to be the best mom and wife I can be." - Ellen Pompeo
"All the measures of the Government are directed to the purpose of making the rich richer and the poor poorer." - William Henry Harrison
"It's rather splendid to think of all those great men and women who appear to have presented symptoms that allow us to describe them as bipolar. Whether it's Hemingway, Van Gogh... Robert Schumann has been mentioned... Virginia Woolf, Sylvia Plath... some of them with rather grim ends." - Stephen Fry
"I pray they will carry on in spite of that dreadful monster prejudice, and with patience, courage, fortitude and perseverance achieve success for themselves." - Major Taylor
"I have my new food line in the works - I think it's over 200 items. Hopefully I can make a difference it's delicious food that's just so easy. I think it'll help people enjoy their lives... it's good!" - Paula Deen
"It is my fervent hope and prayer that by exposing my mistakes and by pointing out the things that were a part of my early life, some who might be following the same paths might not make those same mistakes." - John Clayton
"Southeast Asia food uses many different types of spices which are quite new to me, like the curry leaves which I saw at the Kreta Ayer wet market in Chinatown. With such spices used in cooking, this usually imparts a strong aroma to Southeast Asian food, which appeals to the senses." - Joel Robuchon
"I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely." - Tori Amos
"I'm very lucky. I am one of those people who is able to go home, shut the front door and completely focus on the kids." - Nick Clegg
"New England is the home of all that is good and noble with all her sternness and uncompromising opinions." - Ellen Henrietta Swallow Richards
"I don't know how to drive a car." - Javier Bardem
"I believe that being an actress or being involved in a movie has to be a life experience, otherwise why go for it? I have to change me, and I have to learn things, and I have to push me and my limits. By acting, I find a freedom inside of a prison in a way." - Juliette Binoche
"I don't know if I'm a national education figure." - Jeb Bush
"Part of the beauty of Judaism, and surely this is so for other faiths also, is that it gently restores control over time. Three times a day we stop what we are doing and turn to God in prayer. We recover perspective. We inhale a deep breath of eternity." - Jonathan Sacks
"Without consciousness and intelligence, the universe would lack meaning." - Clifford D. Simak
"Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave." - Mary Tyler Moore
"If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love." - Princess Diana
"And I believe that the best learning process of any kind of craft is just to look at the work of others." - Wole Soyinka
"As much as I would love to be a person that goes to parties and has a couple of drinks and has a nice time, that doesn't work for me. I'd just rather sit at home and read, or go out to dinner with someone, or talk to someone I love, or talk to somebody that makes me laugh." - Daniel Radcliffe
"Hitler was so modern, in that he was obsessed with being famous. He was caught up with this rush to be have achieved greatness before turning 30." - John Cusack
"The only justification for repressive institutions is material and cultural deficit. But such institutions, at certain stages of history, perpetuate and produce such a deficit, and even threaten human survival." - Noam Chomsky
"I feed my kids organic food and milk, but I've also been known to buy the odd Lunchable. My kids are not allowed to watch TV during the week, but on weekends even the 2-year-old veges out to 'The Simpsons.'" - Ayelet Waldman
"My fear now is of cliche, of complacency, of not being able to feel authenticity in myself and those around me." - John Hawkes
"I like all Jim Carrey films. They're really funny." - Rupert Grint
"Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself." - Brooke Burke
"Most of the press is in league with government, or with the status quo." - Harold Pinter
"Adele's amazing, I think the world of her and her music and I think Tinie Tempah is cool. To work with someone like Kanye West would be awesome." - Joe Jonas
"I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor." - Joan Rivers
"The steady discipline of intimate friendship with Jesus results in men becoming like Him." - Harry Emerson Fosdick
"Revived in this country the long forgotten beauties of Gothic architecture." - James Wyatt
"I'll get up in the morning while they've all got hangovers and run my 5 miles. But the women who do run are usually 10 years younger than me and they're really obsessed about running. That's all they do. They're really boring." - Trisha Goddard
"I believe that for the small numbers of Jewish people in the United States, they exercise a tremendous amount of influence on the affairs of government." - Louis Farrakhan
"God's children and their happiness are my reasons for being." - Red Skelton
"We believe that salvation is to be found in wholesome work in a beloved land. Work will provide our people with the bread of tomorrow, and moreover, with the honor of the tomorrow, the freedom of the tomorrow." - Theodor Herzl
"People tend to become more emotionally intelligent as they age and mature." - Daniel Goleman
"It is vital that the United States maintains open lines of communication with our allies. We must assure them of our commitment to eradicating global terrorism wherever it may reside or wherever it's given haven." - George Allen
"No one can enjoy freedom without trembling." - Emile M. Cioran
"New England is the home of all that is good and noble with all her sternness and uncompromising opinions." - Ellen Henrietta Swallow Richards
"Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash." - Joyce Brothers
"Do not let your bachelor ways crystallize so that you can't soften them when you come to have a wife and a family of your own." - Rutherford B. Hayes
"That is what I'm looking forward to the most, practical learning. I want to be a registered nurse so getting to talk to people who already work in those jobs can really teach me what to expect when I get out in the real world." - Angela Carter
"My mom and father are extremely proud. They love it when I don't die. I've done so many movies where I've died that their first question when I book a job is, 'So, are you going to die in this?'" - Michael Ealy
"Are your kids learning the right lessons about 9/11? Ten years after Osama bin Laden's henchmen murdered thousands of innocents on American soil, too many children have been spoon-fed the thin gruel of progressive political correctness over the stiff antidote of truth." - Michelle Malkin
"Nothing's beautiful from every point of view." - Horace
"People talk about the conscience, but it seems to me one must just bring it up to a certain point and leave it there. You can let your conscience alone if you're nice to the second housemaid." - Henry James
"Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing joy, rage, fear triumph, yearning and confusion." - Tony Snow
"Education is extremely important to the Hispanic community, as well as faith, and certainly working hard." - Luis Fortuno
"Woman is fine for her own satisfaction alone. No man will admire her the more, no woman will like her the better for it. Neatness and fashion are enough for the former, and a something of shabbiness or impropriety will be most endearing to the latter." - Jane Austen
"Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men." - Mortimer Adler
"When I get up in the morning I brush my teeth and go about my business, and if I am going anywhere interesting I take my camera along." - Elliott Erwitt
"I think you may see again a rise at the federal government level for a - a call for the federal constitutional amendment, because people want to make sure that this definition of marriage remains secure, because after all, the family is the fundamental unit of government." - Michele Bachmann
"People are always saying that Hollywood messes up kids. I'm like, 'No, families mess up kids!' I grew up in Hollywood, and I'm perfectly fine. If my children want to go into the entertainment business, I won't stop them, as long as they're passionate about it." - Tori Spelling
"Los Angeles gives one the feeling of the future more strongly than any city I know of. A bad future, too, like something out of Fritz Lang's feeble imagination." - Henry Miller
"Yet each man kills the thing he loves,  By each let this be heard,  Some do it with a bitter look,  Some with a flattering word.  The coward does it with a kiss,  The brave man with a sword!" - Wilde, Oscar
"I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered." - Jean Ingelow
"Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you." - Erma Bombeck
"I spent my whole life in the private sector, 25 years in the private sector. I understand that when government takes more money out of the hands of people, it makes it more difficult for them to buy things. If they can't buy things, the economy doesn't grow. If the economy doesn't grow, we don't put Americans to work." - Mitt Romney
"Frazier is so ugly that he should donate his face to the US Bureau of Wild Life." - Muhammad Ali
"It takes far less courage to kill yourself than it takes to make yourself wake up one more time. It's harder to stay where you are than to get out. For everyone but you, that is." - Judith Rossner
"If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans." - Woody Allen
"Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing, the rest is mere sheep-herding." - Ezra Pound
"Foreign Ministry guys don't become agents. Party officials, the Foreign Ministry nerds, tend not to volunteer to Western intelligence agencies." - Aldrich Ames
"Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave." - Martin Luther
"Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the '50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future." - Gary Ross
"Well physically preparing for the role, definitely and then continuing to stay physically fit throughout filming, getting up, 4.00 4.30 in the morning." - Brandon Routh
"Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay." - Robert Browning
"The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want." - Justin Timberlake
"It was my father who instilled the 'never say no' attitude I carry around with me today, and who instilled in me a sense of wonder, always taking us on adventures in the car, never telling us the destination." - Marlee Matlin
"Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." - Gloria Steinem
"My kids will grow up in a house knowing that it's perfectly normal for two men to be in love, it's perfectly normal for two women to be in love. My kids will grow up knowing it's all about love. It doesn't matter who you're with and everyone should have that experience." - Tori Spelling
"In life, you have people that love to party. That's me. People that love God. That's me. People that love sex. That's me. People that love people. That's me. And people that make mistakes.That's me also." - R. Kelly
"With all my fans I got a family again." - Tupac Shakur
"In a lot of movies, especially big studio ones, they're not constructed in any other way than to get people to like them and then tell their friends. It's a product." - Charlie Kaufman
"There's a terrible truth for many women in the picture business: Aging typically takes its toll and means fewer and less desirable roles." - Maureen O'Hara
"Marriage is actually really terrifying. It doesn't work for many people." - Katherine Heigl
"Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike." - Alexander Hamilton
"The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed." - Nigel Farage
"The first real thought that I had of something that I might do was to write for car magazines, because I always had a car thing." - Jerry Seinfeld
"Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret." - Laurence J. Peter
"Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future." - Fulton Oursler
"That's what I love from metal, and that's what I love from hip-hop. That's what I love from any music that's hard, that's got an edge to it-The attitude in it." - Kid Rock
"I'm an afternoon tea type of girl. I come from a Russian background where we love our teas. So between lunch and dinner after training I come home and I love a nice cup of tea with jam in it, as we drink it there. Black English Breakfast with raspberry jam is my favorite." - Maria Sharapova
"Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness." - Jerry Saltz
"The Republican platform specifically says we don't believe in bailing out private business, and yet we did." - Rand Paul
"This happiness consisted of nothing else but the harmony of the few things around me with my own existence, a feeling of contentment and well-being that needed no changes and no intensification." - Herman Hesse
"Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a poor substitute for life." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy." - George Horace Lorimer
"The ongoing conflict between us has caused heavy suffering to both peoples. The future can and must be different. Both our peoples are destined to live together side by side, on this small piece of land. This reality we cannot change." - Ariel Sharon
"We begin to die as soon as we are born, and the end is linked to the beginning." - Manilius
"We should often blush for our very best actions, if the world did but see all the motives upon which they were done." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"I knew I could not cope with the future unless I was able to rediscover the past." - Gene Tierney
"The path of immortality is hard, and only a few find it.  The rest await the Great Day when the wheels of the universe shall be stopped and the immortal sparks shall escape from the sheaths of substance.  Woe unto those who wait, for they must return again, unconscious and unknowing, to the seed-ground of stars, and await a new beginning." - Divine Pymander, The
"Life is too short to worry about anything. You had better enjoy it because the next day promises nothing." - Eric Davis
"I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone." - Rainer Maria Rilke
"My mom was a teacher - I have the greatest respect for the profession - we need great teachers - not poor or mediocre ones." - Condoleezza Rice
"You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness." - Marlon Wayans
"Famous pivot stories are often failures but you don't need to fail before you pivot. All a pivot is is a change is strategy without a change in vision. Whenever entrepreneurs see a new way to achieve their vision - a way to be more successful - they have to remain nimble enough to take it." - Eric Ries
"While we have the gift of life, it seems to me the only tragedy is to allow part of us to die - whether it is our spirit, our creativity or our glorious uniqueness." - Gilda Radner
"At every party there are two kinds of people - those who want to go home and those who don't. The trouble is, they are usually married to each other." - Ann Landers
"Don't walk behind me I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend." - Albert Camus
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." - Steve Jobs
"It is not materialism that is the chief curse of the world, as pastors teach, but idealism. Men get into trouble by taking their visions and hallucinations too seriously." - H. L. Mencken
"The Brown decision promised that every child, regardless of the color of his or her skin, would have unequivocal access to quality education and an equal opportunity to pursue his/her dreams." - Ed Markey
"If, then, knowledge be power, how much more power to we gain through the agency of faith, and what elevation must it give to human character." - Matthew Simpson
"To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best." - Margaret Thatcher
"I don't have anything against my mom, but my family has no emotional connection to each other." - Adam Carolla
"I have a terrific marriage, but unlike a lot of relationships where they ebb and flow, no matter what happens you fall deeper and deeper in love every day. It's kind of the best thing that can happen to you. It's thrilling." - Hugh Jackman
"Health care for all Americans is the most pressing domestic issue today. It's far past time for the President and Congress to deliver health care to everyone." - Russ Feingold
"Mom and Dad were married 64 years. And if you wondered what their secret was, you could have asked the local florist - because every day Dad gave Mom a rose, which he put on her bedside table. That's how she found out what happened on the day my father died - she went looking for him because that morning, there was no rose." - Mitt Romney
"Cricket makes no sense to me. I find it beautiful to watch and I like that they break for tea. That is very cool, but I don't understand. My friends from The Clash tried to explain it years and years ago, but I didn't understand what they were talking about." - Jim Jarmusch
"Let the great world spin for ever down the ringing grooves of change." - Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Indians mock their corrupt politicians relentlessly, but they regard their honest politicians with silent suspicion. The first thing they do when they hear of a supposedly 'clean' politician is to grin. It is a cliche that honest politicians in India tend to have dishonest sons, who collect money from people seeking an audience with Dad." - Aravind Adiga
"The modern mind is in complete disarray. Knowledge has stretched itself to the point where neither the world nor our intelligence can find any foot-hold. It is a fact that we are suffering from nihilism." - Albert Camus
"I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important." - John F. Kerry
"You can never plan the future by the past." - Edmund Burke
"Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude." - Joseph Wood Krutch
"I like to maintain a certain sense of fantasy in my life. I am kind of like that at home. Do I have the full hair and makeup? No. But I might have the nice dress on." - Jennifer Lopez
"My faith has no bed to sleep upon but omnipotence." - Samuel Rutherford
"My attitude toward graduate students was different, I must say. I used graduate students as colleagues: I gave them the best problems to work on, and I encouraged them." - Frank Press
"Japan is the most intoxicating place for me. In Kyoto, there's an inn called the Tawaraya which is quite extraordinary. The Japanese culture fascinates me: the food, the dress, the manners and the traditions. It's the travel experience that has moved me the most." - Roman Coppola
"To fight fear, act. To increase fear - wait, put off postpone." - David Joseph Schwartz
"I think a basic level of fitness can help the body cope with all manner of incidents." - Richard Hammond
"I have so many things to work on, and so many ways that I fail. But that's what grace is all about. and I constantly wake up every morning trying to get better, trying to improve, trying to walk closer to God." - Tim Tebow
"The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing." - Vince Gill
"Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven." - Lao Tzu
"Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around." - Leo Buscaglia
"People are on their computers more than watching TV, because you can only watch voyeur TV, which is basically what reality shows are, for so long." - Stephen Root
"The women I know who have children and have careers, they seem to be very happy. They love their children and they love their jobs. But happiness comes out of being willing to do your work in your twenties to find out who you are, what you love." - Candace Bushnell
"Julia progresses from cradle to grave, showing how government makes every good thing in her life possible. The weak economy, high unemployment, falling wages, rising gas prices, the national debt, the insolvency of entitlements - all these are fictionally assumed away in a cartoon that is produced by a president who wants us to forget about them." - Mitt Romney
"Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear." - Publilius Syrus
"America is the best half-educated country in the world." - Nicholas M. Butler
"I'm not a very good painter, but I'm learning a lot." - Cleo Moore
"Happiness comes when we test our skills towards some meaningful purpose." - John Stossel
"I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling." - Frida Kahlo
"Grown men can learn from very little children for the hearts of little children are pure. Therefore, the Great Spirit may show to them many things which older people miss." - Black Elk
"I have had dreams and I have had nightmares, but I have conquered my nightmares because of my dreams." - Jonas Salk
"We would make songs, and the producers said we should play it for my dad. I was kind of scared, I didn't know what to think cuz we were just joking around." - Lil' Romeo
"I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health." - Jean Piaget
"Boys, they can't take my refrigerator now. They'll never get my car now. I paid cash for 'em and they're mine, and I'm keepin' 'em!" - Patsy Cline
"Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live." - Dorothy Thompson
"If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future." - Danielle Steel
"Irregular contact with doctors means many men fail to receive any preventive care for potentially life-threatening conditions. In addition, when men do seek care, embarrassment can often prevent them from openly discussing health concerns with their physicians." - Michael Crapo
"Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves they therefore remain bound." - James Allen
"I like getting married, but I don't like being married." - Don Adams
"If you go from a structure where you have the support and that partner and that construction of a family and that's broken apart, I think that's probably a lot harder than always being a single mom and having the father being a support in another area." - Bridget Moynahan
"I just try to do the best job I possibly can - put the blinders on, go to work and be the best you can possibly be. Once you have done everything that you possibly can - you've put forth your greatest effort - then I can live with whatever's next." - Bill Parcells
"Sometimes I've been to a party where no one spoke to me for a whole evening. The men, frightened by their wives or sweeties, would give me a wide berth. And the ladies would gang up in a corner to discuss my dangerous character." - Marilyn Monroe
"The federal government now spends one of every four dollars in the entire economy. It borrows one of every three dollars it spends. No nation, no entity, large or small, public or private, can thrive, or survive intact, with debts as huge as ours." - Mitch Daniels
"Instead, it appears to be a particular mark of beauty that it is considered with tranquil satisfaction that it pleases if we also do not possess it and we are still far removed from demanding to possess it." - Moses Mendelssohn
"My trust in a higher power that wants me to survive and have love in my life, is what keeps me moving forward." - Kenny Loggins
"Make hunger thy sauce, as a medicine for health." - Thomas Tusser
"The hydrogen powered car, with its high fuel mileage and zero emission rate, is just one example of the products under development that will help increase our energy independence." - Dan Lipinski
"Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor." - Ernest Hemingway
"Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success." - Dale Carnegie
"I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously. I treasure it in the sense that I believe it's a path of great courage. It can also be the path of the foolhardy and the compulsive." - Jane Campion
"French architecture always manages to combine the most magnificent underlying themes of architecture like Roman design, it looks to the community." - Stephen Gardiner
"But there is a difference here: When Jewish children are murdered, Arabs celebrate the deed. The death of an Arab child is no cause for celebration in Israel." - Theodore Bikel
"In Genesis, it says that it is not good for a man to be alone but sometimes it is a great relief." - John Barrymore
"There are certain people that are marked for death. I have my little list of those that treated me unfairly." - Jennifer Lopez
"My kids say if there's any family dinner that doesn't result in somebody crying, it's not a good dinner. They cry because it helps relieve them of a guilt or some onerous emotional burden. It's like a family tradition." - William Shatner
"Sleeping together is a euphemism for people, but tantamount to marriage with cats." - Marge Piercy
"I'm not a marriage expert, quite clearly." - Cathy Freeman
"Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves." - William Penn
"When I took command in Vietnam, I gave great emphasis to food and medical care - and to the mail." - William Westmoreland
"Destiny is something not be to desired and not to be avoided. a mystery not contrary to reason, for it implies that the world, and the course of human history, have meaning." - Dag Hammarskjold
"The focus on my appearance has really surprised me. I've always been a size 14 to 16, I don't care about clothes, I'd rather spend my money on cigarettes and booze." - Adele
"Business is the salt of life." - Voltaire
"I just want to keep doing what I'm doing and hopefully people will watch my movies." - Leonardo DiCaprio
"And so to those who suggest that we are somehow 'harming' young women by encouraging them to take charge of their health we say this: We are not harming young women by educating them. We are arming them with information that they will carry with them throughout their lives." - Debbie Wasserman Schultz
"Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit." - Khalil Gibran
"In the past, I had my idols but today I enjoy learning from all the soccer I watch." - Andres Iniesta
"I would do anything for a part, nearly anything. Being in movies doesn't mean being pretty." - Diane Kruger
"I think an education is not only important, it is the most important thing you can do with your life." - Dean Kamen
"Making use of human weaknesses in intelligence work is a logical matter. It keeps coming up, and of course you try to look at all the aspects that interest you in a human being." - Markus Wolf
"If you are working 50 hours a week in a factory, you don't have time to read 10 newspapers a day and go back to declassified government archives. But such people may have far-reaching insights into the way the world works." - Noam Chomsky
"It's always good to be underestimated." - Donald Trump
"We are born weak, we need strength helpless, we need aid foolish, we need reason. All that we lack at birth, all that we need when we come to man's estate, is the gift of education." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"It is not the quantity but the quality of knowledge which determines the mind's dignity." - William Ellery Channing
"Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them." - H. L. Mencken
"Humor can be an incredible lacerating and effective weapon. And that is the way I use it." - Carl Hiaasen
"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom." - Isaac Asimov
"It is imperative that when thousands of selfless volunteers respond to those who have incurred the wrath of a natural disaster that legal liability need not be hanging over their heads." - Jon Porter
"When you're nearing 35, going, 'Hey Dad, I can't make these payments,' just isn't cool." - Eleanor Mondale
"I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin." - Zoe Saldana
"If you want to make enemies, try to change something." - Woodrow Wilson
"If I get married, I want to be very married." - Audrey Hepburn
"I came to Venice for the first time in 1968 and was lucky enough to make the acquaintanceship, and then the friendship, of two Venetians, Roberta and Franco, who remain my best friends here after almost 50 years." - Donna Leon
"I design for myself and the first question I ask is, 'Would I wear it?'" - Claudia Schiffer
"We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us." - De Sta?l, Madame
"Wars of nations are fought to change maps. But wars of poverty are fought to map change." - Muhammad Ali
"He described how, as a boy of 14, his dad had been down the mining pit, his uncle had been down the pit, his brother had been down the pit, and of course he would go down the pit." - Barbara Castle
"Love consists in giving without getting in return in giving what is not owed, what is not due the other. That's why true love is never based, as associations for utility or pleasure are, on a fair exchange." - Mortimer Adler
"I hope that what you take away from my album is not just the music - which I did want to be fun, and I did want it to be about individuality, but please also take away from it that there's no dream that's too big." - Lady Gaga
"It is another's fault if he be ungrateful, but it is mine if I do not give. To find one thankful man, I will oblige a great many that are not so." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Courage in danger is half the battle." - Plautus
"Most 'reality' shows aren't reality at all. They're game shows with no prize. Like 'Rock of Love.' His aren't genuine feelings. Then again, Bob Barker didn't really care whether or not you won the toaster. Sorry to shatter everyone's dreams." - Hal Sparks
"Beauty can come in strange forms." - James Dyson
"I was never into the popular school or clique or anything. Then I started doing movies when I was in high school, so then I got popular. Then the girls paid attention to you who didn't before." - John Cusack
"Acting is fantastic, but to be able to create a whole world on celluloid is amazing. It's like taking your dreams straight from your head and projecting them onto a screen." - Amber Benson
"None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear." - Bertrand Russell
"You'd have to think that you're at least decent, or you couldn't get up every morning and do it. I think if I live long enough, I might be pretty good." - Martin Mull
"Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill." - Barbara Tuchman
"I don't have too much faith in destiny, or an afterlife. This is it." - Robin Gibb
"History is little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind." - Edward Gibbon
"When you create art, the world has to wait." - Will Smith
"I really felt like I finally made it. Having your first fake pregnancy rumor. It was really awesome. I feel like it's part of what happens in this business, but that's a real one. That's a cool one to get." - Lea Michele
"On the one hand Twitter gives you the opportunity to engage with people, which is great, but on the other there are people who feel they can say whatever they want, put poison out there, really, without fear of any repercussions." - Michael Sheen
"Without international participation, jobs and emissions will simply shift overseas to countries that require few, if any, environmental protections, harming the global environment as well as the U.S. economy." - Fred Upton
"The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood." - Lou Holtz
"In fair weather prepare for foul." - Thomas Fuller
"When we can lay down our fear and anger and choose responses other than aggression, we create the conditions for bringing out the best in us humans." - Margaret J. Wheatley
"And now, I still really don't care that much but now I have music playing all the time at home, which is a first for me. Whatever. Everything from Ani DiFranco to Dave Matthews to Jack Johnson and Norah Jones." - Jennifer Garner
"I'm a big advocate of financial intelligence." - Daymond John
"Almost all Iraqis with any previous experience in the intelligence business are Sunni Arab, increasing the risk of penetration of the new intelligence apparatus by the insurgency." - Wayne White
"One expected growth, change without it, the world was less, the well of inspiration dried up, the muses fled." - Charles de Lint
"Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history." - Aldous Huxley
"Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man." - Hans Urs von Balthasar
"Man's mind is like a store of idolatry and superstition so much so that if a man believes his own mind it is certain that he will forsake God and forge some idol in his own brain." - John Calvin
"Know then this truth, enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below." - Alexander Pope
"If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now." - James Lovelock
"I believe my publisher has shown a great deal of faith in me over a lot of years but I'm not prepared to be so arrogant to say that the long-term literary value of my work would compensate them for a financial failure." - Andrew Vachss
"I'm a competitive person and it is in my nature to try hard in every match I play. The only time I'm not competitive is when I'm playing against my mom." - Michael Chang
"We know not of the future and cannot plan for it much." - Joshua Chamberlain
"We need safe communities that are free from methamphetamine and a federal commitment to stand next to state leadership and law enforcement in the fight against this epidemic." - Rick Larsen
"When I walk up on that shore in Florida, I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say, 'I'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do. I'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at. I'm going to adopt a child. It's not too late, I can still live my dreams.'" - Diana Nyad
"My parents were kind of over protective people. Me and my sister had to play in the backyard all the time. They bought us bikes for Christmas but wouldn't let us ride in the street, we had to ride in the backyard. Another Christmas, my dad got me a basketball hoop and put it in the middle of the lawn! You can't dribble on grass." - Jimmy Fallon
"I have great faith in the intelligence of the American viewer and reader to put two and two together and come up with four." - Jim Lehrer
"Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something." - Frederick Smith
"I report to you that our country is challenged at home and abroad: that it is our will that is being tried and not our strength our sense of purpose and not our ability to achieve a better America." - Lyndon B. Johnson
"There's nothing more important than our good health - that's our principal capital asset." - Arlen Specter
"Someone once said that history has more imagination than all the scenario writers in the Pentagon, and we have a lot of scenario writers here. No one ever wrote a scenario for commercial airliners crashing into the World Trade Center." - Paul Wolfowitz
"The cat could very well be man's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it." - Doug Larson
"To understand someone, find out how he spends his money." - Mason Cooley
"An ideal wife is one who remains faithful to you but tries to be just as charming as if she weren't." - Sacha Guitry
"It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees." - Ibarruri, Dolores
"It's very important that every movie I do makes money because I want the people that had the faith in me to get their money back." - Quentin Tarantino
"The Cuban people still live in constant fear of a brutal totalitarian regime that has demonstrated time and again its utter disregard for basic human dignity. The fight for a free Cuba has gone on for far too long." - Mitt Romney
"I object to people running down the future. I am going to live all the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering
"My good friends are Mormon, some of the best people I know." - Katherine Heigl
"I do not deny that I planned sabotage. I did not plan it in a spirit of recklessness nor because I have any love of violence. I planned it as a result of a calm and sober assessment of the political situation that had arisen after many years of tyranny, exploitation and oppression of my people by the whites." - Nelson Mandela
"When I was in New York, I was making a living. We had a summer house and a car that I could put in a garage. That's something for a stage actor." - William H. Macy
"Attitudes toward food have completely changed." - Giada De Laurentiis
"There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative." - W. Clement Stone
"Age is getting to know all the ways the world turns, so that if you cannot turn the world the way you want, you can at least get out of the way so you won't get run over." - Miriam Makeba
"When one is in love, one always begins by deceiving one's self, and one always ends by deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance." - Wilde, Oscar
"Over and over again, financial experts and wonkish talking heads endeavor to explain these mysterious, 'toxic' financial instruments to us lay folk. Over and over, they ignobly fail, because we all know that no one understands credit default obligations and derivatives, except perhaps Mr. Buffett and the computers who created them." - Richard Dooling
"I find that you learn from others. It's very much about watching TV and watching movies for me and grasping that way and watching other people act." - Callan McAuliffe
"Technology has a great advantage in that we are capable of creating dinosaurs and show them on the screen even though they are extinct 65 million years. All of a sudden, we have a fantastic tool that is as good as dreams are." - Werner Herzog
"The hunger for love is much more difficult to removethan the hunger for bread. " - Mother Teresa
"The courage of very ordinary people is all that stands between us and the dark." - Pam Brown
"I'm learning to hunt with rifles, because if you think about it, hunting gets you the healthiest meat - organic, free-range food. It's a totally yuppie spin on what I thought was kind of a redneck occupation." - Sarah Wayne Callies
"With everything that is complex, we learn. If you don't learn, then it's an utter and abject failure. If you do learn, and you're able to apply that to the next situation, then you take away a measure of success." - Benjamin Carson
"We do not judge the people we love." - Jean-Paul Sartre
"Ninety-nine per cent of the people in the world are fools and the rest of us are in great danger of contagion." - Thornton Wilder
"When prayer removes distrust and doubt and enters the field of mental certainty, it becomes faith and the universe is built on faith." - Ernest Holmes
"Sometimes your dreams come true." - Frank Bruno
"When I got depressed, I watched Bruce Lee movies. I learned everything from Bruce Lee." - Jackie Chan
"To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well." - John Marshall
"I drink a bucket of white tea in the morning. I read about this tea of the Emperor of China, which is supposedly the tea of eternal youth. It's called Silver Needle. It's unbelievably expensive, but I get it on the Web." - Antonio Banderas
"If I didn't try to eavesdrop on every bus ride I take or look for the humor when I go for a walk, I would just be depressed all the time." - Lynda Barry
"When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes." - Oprah Winfrey
"I probably grow half my food. It's a good way to keep perspective." - Emilio Estevez
"It is with obedience to your call that I take up the burden of government leadership for the final time." - Kamisese Mara
"When I left Europe in 1987 I did so with the thought that my relevance as a composition teacher would benefit from a certain cool distance to certain tendencies I had been observing for several years with increasing disquiet." - Brian Ferneyhough
"True love stories never have endings." - Richard Bach
"Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"When I wrote the song, I had the sea near Bombay in mind. We stayed at a hotel by the sea, and the fishermen come up at five in the morning and they were all chanting. And we went on the beach and we got chased by a mad dog - big as a donkey." - Ray Davies
"One's happiness depends less on what he knows than on what he feels." - Liberty Hyde Bailey
"We are beginning a new era in our government. I cannot too strongly urge the necessity of a rigid economy and an inflexible determination not to enlarge the income beyond the real necessities of the government." - Andrew Jackson
"Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented." - Lech Walesa
"The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields." - Joe Barton
"I discovered something amazing, which has caused a lot of controversy - the fountain of youth. I have to keep it a secret!" - David Copperfield
"Mammograms are really sort of a gift. You can either catch something early or count your lucky stars because nothing was discovered. Either way, you're ahead of the game." - Charlotte Ross
"You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism." - Alexander Haig
"There are people who want to make men's lives more difficult for no other reason than the chance it provides them afterwards to offer their prescription for alleviating life their Christianity, for instance." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"We like to think about how smart we are. But I think talent as a writer is hard-wired in, it's all there, at least the basic elements of it. You can't change it any more than you can choose whether to be right handed or left handed." - Stephen King
"I've never been interested in action movies. Definitely not interested in sci-fi." - Carrie-Anne Moss
"Editor: a person employed by a newspaper, whose business it is to separate the wheat from the chaff, and to see that the chaff is printed." - Elbert Hubbard
"I'm proof against that word failure. I've seen behind it. The only failure a man ought to fear is failure of cleaving to the purpose he sees to be best." - George Eliot
"I've always taught that a poor economy is the best opportunity for salespeople because the naysayers and grumblers have already given up, leaving more territory, more opportunities to be successful than in a good economy when virtually all salespeople are out there, giving it their best." - Zig Ziglar
"My number one goal was not getting 'A's' - and I proved it. I was a 'C' student. You have to be ready to learn. If you're not interesting in learning, it doesn't work. As I grew older and wanted to learn and desperately wanted inside information, learning was a lot easier." - Brian Lamb
"I love my government not least for the extent to which it leaves me alone." - John Updike
"You don't appreciate a lot of stuff in school until you get older. Little things like being spanked every day by a middle-aged woman: Stuff you pay good money for in later life." - Emo Philips
"My mother told me on several different occasions that she was livin' her dream vicariously through me. She once said that I was getting' to do all the things that she would have wanted to have done." - Buck Owens
"The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future." - Stephen Ambrose
"A great age of literature is perhaps always a great age of translations." - Ezra Pound
"I think I'm pretty smart on what I spend my money on. I still don't have a new car, I drive my old car that I've had forever. But I bought a house in downtown Chicago." - Chris O'Donnell
"Einstein, stop telling God what to do!" - Niels Bohr
"I have a trophy case that contains all the action figures ever made of me. It also has items I've stolen from my movies, like three guns and holsters from 'Serenity'." - Nathan Fillion
"Fear is a question: What are you afraid of, and why? Just as the seed of health is in illness, because illness contains information, your fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if you explore them." - Marilyn Ferguson
"You have the dreams that you want, and then you have to do other jobs until you can get to that dream." - Channing Tatum
"My dad is like a cactus - introverted and tough. I'm a people person, like my mom, but I got my competitiveness from my dad. He came to this country from Belarus with nothing and built a real business. He's my hero for giving me that need to run a business and for having enormous confidence in me." - Gary Vaynerchuk
"I don't feel old. I don't feel anything till noon. That's when it's time for my nap." - Bob Hope
"Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education. The human mind is our fundamental resource." - John F. Kennedy
"There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"You go to Scandinavia, and you will find that people have a much higher standard of living, in terms of education, health care and decent paying jobs." - Bernie Sanders
"Every good painter paints what he is." - Jackson Pollock
"I love potatoes - they're my favorite food." - Trisha Yearwood
"Today I love myself as I love my god: who could charge me with a sin today? I know only sins against my god but who knows my god?" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"And the Republican Party especially associates the market with the idea of progress, goodness, family, and points us toward the mall as an answer to all our personal dreams." - Arlie Russell Hochschild
"The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away." - Wilson Mizner
"Puns are a form of humor with words." - Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure." - William Feather
"I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"Now we're in the midst of not just advocating for change, not just calling for change - we're doing the grinding, sometimes frustrating work of delivering change - inch by inch, day by day." - Barack Obama
"If you decide to design your own language, there are thousands of sort of amateur language designer pitfalls." - Guido van Rossum
"My boyfriend and I broke up. He wanted to get married and I didn't want him to." - Rita Rudner
"I can get whatever I want to eat and when you, you know, you forget to eat you sometimes pick up fast food." - Star Jones
"The class distinctions proper to a democratic society are not those of rank or money, still less, as is apt to happen when these are abandoned, of race, but of age." - W. H. Auden
"With engineering, I view this year's failure as next year's opportunity to try it again. Failures are not something to be avoided. You want to have them happen as quickly as you can so you can make progress rapidly." - Gordon Moore
"I thought Daredevil was kind of cool because he couldn't do anything. I mean, he's blind. It wasn't that he could fly. His major power was an impediment. So I was intrigued. When I took over he was kind of like Spider-Man-lite, but I was able to project a lot of my Catholic imagery onto it. And I'd always wanted to do a crime comic." - Frank Miller
"A friend of mine has a big farm in the desert, and she picks up feathers and roadkill for me, then makes it into clothes. I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, I'd feel honored." - Kesha
"Marriage is our last, best chance to grow up." - Barth, Joseph
"Capitalism is using its money we socialists throw it away." - Fidel Castro
"It's not like I'm the most famous person in the world." - Ron Silver
"I like being famous when it's convenient for me and completely anonymous when it's not." - Catherine Deneuve
"You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give." - E. O. Wilson
"I'm into mellow dates with really good food." - Lauren Conrad
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature." - Marcus Aurelius
"No, no, I was only funny on stage, really. I, I, think I was funny as a person toward my classmates when I was very young. You know, when I was a child, up to about the age of 12." - Rowan Atkinson
"Shop often, shop hard, and spend for the best stuff available - logic dictates that you can make delicious food only with delicious ingredients." - Mario Batali
"First and foremost, you've got to make yourself happy. Essentially being who you are is the most important thing. When you're after truth, happiness always comes." - Nadia Giosia
"Some people are so afraid do die that they never begin to live." - Henry Van Dyke
"We've got to see a state where the Afghan government can handle its own day-to-day security." - Stephen Harper
"When I look back over my life it's almost as if there was a plan laid out for me - from the little girl who was so passionate about animals who longed to go to Africa and whose family couldn't afford to put her through college. Everyone laughed at my dreams. I was supposed to be a secretary in Bournemouth." - Jane Goodall
"Being famous is having the power to really implement positive change in the world, and it gives you the power to do what you want. I'm really grateful for it because I can play music and people will listen." - Sean Lennon
"With people of limited ability modesty is merely honesty. But with those who possess great talent it is hypocrisy." - Arthur Schopenhauer
"Profits in business always depend on the rate of interest: the higher the interest, the higher the rate of profit required." - James Buchan
"If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?" - Maria Montessori
"Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist." - Rene Magritte
"When you believe in God, you've got to believe in the all-powerful God. He's not just God, He's the all-powerful God and He has total control over everyone's life. The Devil, on the other hand, is a real character that's trying his hardest to tear your life apart." - Alice Cooper
"Government always finds a need for whatever money it gets." - Ronald Reagan
"Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate." - Hubert H. Humphrey
"I've always been into guitars... we want to put keyboards on, but keyboard players don't look cool onstage, they just keep their heads down. There has never been a cool keyboard player, apart from Elton John." - Noel Gallagher
"Twilight' is such an amazing project, and I think it opened up doors for all of us cast members.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
2293;I finish so many books it's amazing. I'm also doing Rosetta Stone, learning some French.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
2294;I was blessed, because I come from a family where they knock you down before you float away. I have a lot of brothers who just make sure we have our feet on the ground, and my mom is a rock star. She is an amazing mother.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
2295;When we're on set, we kind of joke around, and when we're rehearsing, we change up the scenes and make each other laugh. We lighten up the mood. The blooper reel is going to be amazing on 'New Moon." - Kellan Lutz
"The radiation left over from the Big Bang is the same as that in your microwave oven but very much less powerful. It would heat your pizza only to minus 271.3*C - not much good for defrosting the pizza, let alone cooking it." - Stephen Hawking
"My grandmother always taught me, 'If you don't have a home, family, and church, you don't have anything.'" - Jennifer Hudson
"A car for every purse and purpose." - Alfred P. Sloan
"I suffered from a mild case of postpartum depression after my second child and the physical challenge of maintaining an overnight shift at CBS, a marriage, and two in diapers made the symptoms worse and everyone in the house paid the price." - Mika Brzezinski
"Learning to dislike children at an early age saves a lot of expense and aggravation later in life." - Robert Byrne
"A man of courage is also full of faith." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"After the first miscarriage, I tried to take the attitude that it was my body's way of telling me that this pregnancy wasn't meant to be." - Christie Brinkley
"My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there." - Hilary Duff
"It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my children's health than the pediatrician." - Meryl Streep
"If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all." - Audrey Hepburn
"If you don't change, then what's the point of anything happening to you?" - Doug Coupland
"I had a job at a movie theater for like a year and a half and then a job at a health food store for, like, two years. Those were the only two jobs I ever had." - Reggie Watts
"If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work." - Khalil Gibran
"A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal." - Oscar Wilde
"I crave working on those small independent movies because I love going to see those myself." - Orlando Bloom
"When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for having been there." - Jim Henson
"I really don't have any solutions and I don't like movies that do." - Charlie Kaufman
"I don't know many people, if any, who have had some straight line toward success. I mean, they start here, they work hard, they've got what it takes, and they just go straight to the top over some number of years. Most people get a little failure." - Sam Donaldson
"A ring means a commitment. But more than that, it means that you've talked about your shared future and have decided together on a shared vision of it." - Patti Stanger
"We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort." - Jesse Owens
"It's funny that I got to do 'On the Road' because the thing that had the biggest impact on me growing up was reading books. I was very inspired by the book and this spirit of Dean Moriarty and how envious we all are of somebody who can be that carefree." - Garrett Hedlund
"All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on." - Havelock Ellis
"Pharmaceutical companies are enjoying unprecedented profits and access with this Administration. Yet the Republicans' prescription drug plan for seniors has been a colossal failure, and over 43 million Americans wake up every morning without health insurance." - Jim Clyburn
"To dare to live alone is the rarest courage since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet." - Charles Caleb Colton
"I've never understood why people consider youth a time of freedom and joy. It's probably because they have forgotten their own." - Margaret Atwood
"Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues." - Abigail Adams
"My health is the No. 1 concern and my longevity is the No. 1 concern." - Alonzo Mourning
"Instead of begging OPEC to drop its oil prices, let's use American leadership and ingenuity to solve our own energy problems." - Pete Domenici
"It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous." - Aldous Huxley
"In high school, in sport, I had a coach who told me I was much better than I thought I was, and would make me do more in a positive sense. He was the first person who taught me not to be afraid of failure." - Mike Krzyzewski
"I never expected in a million years that I would have the honor to become an advocate of women's health care and education, and I'd dive on a live grenade to get this message out, so thank you for this forum." - Karen Duffy
"And, that's what I truly believe that we're doing when we're advancing scientific knowledge is we're someday making the world better. Not only for our children, but for all people after that." - Duane G. Carey
"Life is much shorter than I imagined it to be." - Abraham Cahan
"The trials on the road to world harmony are no greater than the courage of those who accept the challenge." - Carl Lewis
"The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it... try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man. You can't." - Lenny Bruce
"Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable." - Voltaire
"Since the day he came into office, President Bush has worked to gut more than 34 years of hard work by weakening many of our Nation's standing environmental laws, some of which were signed into law by his father." - Jim Jeffords
"He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god." - Aristotle
"People lose people, we lose things in our life as we're constantly growing and changing. That's what life is is change, and a lot of that is loss. It's what you gain from that loss that makes life." - Thomas Jane
"To go to hospitals and see people fight and overcome cystic fibrosis or cancer or any number of illnesses is to see courage that is humbling. And athletes constantly need to be humbled." - Dale Murphy
"I was willing to accept what I couldn't change." - Abdul Kalam
"I very much feel that marriage is a sacrament and that sacrament should extend... to that legal entity of a union between what traditionally in our Western values has been defined as between a man and a woman." - Bill Frist
"Marriage, like money, is still with us and, like money, progressively devalued." - Robert Graves
"I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps." - Trisha Yearwood
"The most terrible job in warfare is to be a second lieutenant leading a platoon when you are on the battlefield." - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"It is not a God, just and good, but a devil, under the name of God, that the Bible describes." - Thomas Paine
"The game in beauty is changing so much, if your product isn't high tech or can't make a unique performance claim - plump your lips, reduce your lines, look glossy, and stay on for 24 hours - you can't go to market today. I'm not just talking about a $20 lipstick, but a $5 lipstick!" - Andrea Jung
"We can't understand when we're pregnant, or when our siblings are expecting, how profound it is to have a shared history with a younger generation: blood, genes, humor. It means we were actually here, on Earth, for a time - like the Egyptians with their pyramids, only with children." - Anne Lamott
"Massachusetts children cannot only lead the nation in test scores, they can be competitive with the best in the world. And the gap in achievement among races can virtually disappear." - Mitt Romney
"I think we need the feminine qualities of leadership, which include attention to aesthetics and the environment, nurturing, affection, intuition and the qualities that make people feel safe and cared for." - Deepak Chopra
"Isn't that the ultimate homeland security, standing up and defending marriage?" - Rick Santorum
"If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin." - Charles Darwin
"I have spent a lifetime watching kids make mistakes because they were not trained or well led or properly motivated to do well. I never faulted the kids rather, I saw opportunity to train, to motivate, to improve leadership - not to punish the individual." - Eric Shinseki
"I've been experimenting more and more with LN2, liquid nitrogen. I've used it in battle on 'Iron Chef America,' but have also made some great ice creams at home for my family. Since it freezes basically on contact, you can have ice cream ready in mere minutes." - Cat Cora
"Golf course design is exciting." - Tom Kite
"The failure in Ohio to have adequate voting capacity for the people who were registered and eligible to vote was an absolute denial of their right to vote." - Carol Moseley Braun
"Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning." - Nehru, Jawaharial
"It's too late for me to get married before I'm famous. You never know people's intentions." - Carmelo Anthony
"I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom." - Rashida Jones
"The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause." - Baltasar Gracian
"ER was one of my favourites. I played a car accident victim who has leukemia. I got to wear a neck brace and nose tubes for the two days I worked." - Dakota Fanning
"All who consult on doubtful matters, should be void of hatred, friendship, anger, and pity." - Sallust
"I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else." - Kurt Cobain
"A lot of people resist transition and therefore never allow themselves to enjoy who they are. Embrace the change, no matter what it is once you do, you can learn about the new world you're in and take advantage of it." - Nikki Giovanni
"Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked." - Lord Chesterfield
"Medical debts are the number-one cause of bankruptcy in America." - Barbara Ehrenreich
"Man's ultimate concern must be expressed symbolically, because symbolic language alone is able to express the ultimate." - Paul Tillich
"If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage." - Jean-Bertrand Aristide
"As a father now, I wouldn't do what my dad did, because it left me feeling emotionally unstable as a kid. But he didn't do the things he did out of selfishness or malice." - Anthony Kiedis
"If the views I have expressed be right, we can think of our civilization evolving with the growth of knowledge from small wandering tribes to large settled law." - John Boyd Orr
"This is as true in everyday life as it is in battle: we are given one life and the decision is ours whether to wait for circumstances to make up our mind, or whether to act, and in acting, to live." - Omar N. Bradley
"Madam, I have been looking for a person who disliked gravy all my life let us swear eternal friendship." - Sydney Smith
"Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end." - Madame de Stael
"I don't have a caustic sense of humor. What I find funny, that humor comes from a much gentler place." - Vera Farmiga
"The more equality women have, the fairer, more civilized and tolerant society will be. Sexual equality is a lot more effective against terrorism than military strength." - Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero
"By failing seriously to confront the most predicable economic crisis in our nation's history, the President's policies are committing us and our children to a diminished future." - Paul Ryan
"I did a twenty foot print and John Cage is involved in that because he was the only person I knew in New York who had a car and who would be willing to do this." - Robert Rauschenberg
"I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time." - Zooey Deschanel
"In Los Angeles, as I gained and lost celebrity, then gained it again, I often found myself wondering why I, out of thousands like me, had become famous." - Patrick Dempsey
"Fifty percent of people won't vote, and fifty percent don't read newspapers. I hope it's the same fifty percent." - Gore Vidal
"Doing all we can to combat climate change comes with numerous benefits, from reducing pollution and associated health care costs to strengthening and diversifying the economy by shifting to renewable energy, among other measures." - David Suzuki
"I don't come from a famous family and don't have this detachment from everyday people and everyday life. I'm just doing my job and the attention that comes with it is part of the territory." - Ed Westwick
"This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind." - Neil Armstrong
"I just always expect the best because I'm a competitor and if I'm competing, then obviously I'm trying to be better in everything." - Lil Wayne
"I was raised not to be rude, but I also try to get the best work out of people." - Dick Wolf
"A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds." - Henry Moore
"I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy." - Anais Nin
"People are so busy dreaming the American Dream, fantasizing about what they could be or have a right to be, that they're all asleep at the switch. Consequently we are living in the Age of Human Error." - Florence King
"Knowledge fills a large brain it merely inflates a small one." - Sydney J. Harris
"Ultimately, America's answer to the intolerant man is diversity, the very diversity which our heritage of religious freedom has inspired." - Robert Kennedy
"We're all entitled to opinions about how art institutions should behave, and entitled to voicing those opinions through whatever means available to us. We're also allowed to change or modify our opinions." - Jerry Saltz
"Freedom is contagious. That's why despots fear it so much." - Bill Owens
"The Christian faith can never be separated from the soil of sacred events, from the choice made by God, who wanted to speak to us, to become man, to die and rise again, in a particular place and at a particular time." - Joseph Ratzinger
"See, I don't really go after girls. Most of the girlfriends I've had have come after me. So it's really funny when girls get offended because I don't hit on them." - Kellan Lutz
"Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love." - George Bernard Shaw
"When I realized I was having trouble reading, I was too embarrassed to ask for help. Some teachers believed in me, but I just wasn't focused on school - I was into the music and trying to please my dad." - Fantasia Barrino
"Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves." - E. Joseph Cossman
"The law of humanity ought to be composed of the past, the present, and the future, that we bear within us whoever possesses but one of these terms, has but a fragment of the law of the moral world." - Edgar Quinet
"The TV business is like the produce section of the market. Today everything is fresh and glistening and firm. And tomorrow, when they find a bruise on you, they toss you out." - Bryan Cranston
"I believe every chess player senses beauty, when he succeeds in creating situations, which contradict the expectations and the rules, and he succeeds in mastering this situation." - Vladimir Kramnik
"Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach." - Woodrow Wilson
"The population forecast for the United States in 1970 is 170 million. The population forecast for Russia alone in 1970 is 251 million. The implications are clear." - Emanuel Celler
"Change occurs in direct proportion to dissatisfaction, but dissatisfaction never changes." - Douglas Horton
"The Paris peace talks kept a roof over my head and food on the table and clothes on my back because if something was said going in or coming out, I had the rent for the month." - Ed Bradley
"Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the definition of a marriage as between one man and one woman." - Randy Neugebauer
"The film itself involves a New York City radio storyteller, Gabriel Noone, who strikes up a friendship with one of his fans, an abused 14-year-old teenager who is suffering from AIDS, who does not have much longer to live." - Armistead Maupin
"Where love is, there God is also." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Well I certainly have learned and I hope I'm moving on and certainly two years of prison was a terrible punishment." - Jeffrey Archer
"Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies." - Albert Camus
"I went through this very serious Woody Allen phase in college and a little bit after college. I still see his movies." - Josh Radnor
"Competition makes things come out right. Well, what does that mean in health care? More hospitals so they compete with each other. More doctors compete with each other. More pharmaceutical companies. We set up war. Wait a minute, let's talk about the patient. The patient doesn't need a war." - Donald Berwick
"Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. You're expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things." - Lauren Ambrose
"We cannot seek or attain health, wealth, learning, justice or kindness in general. Action is always specific, concrete, individualized, unique." - Benjamin Jowett
"It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world." - Henry James Sumner Maine
"Whenever I did a good performance, my Dad and my uncles, who were rabid movie fans, took me to the movies. There began my underlying love affair with film." - Mel Torme
"Where there is no imagination there is no horror." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears." - Wyatt, Woodrow
"Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible - the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family." - Virginia Satir
"In this new century, our commitment to family and to faith, to community and opportunity, to freedom and to hope, will be the light that shines to lead us forward." - Bill Owens
"To be told that one can be dependent on one's parents until age 26 should strike a young person who wants to grow up as demeaning, not as something to celebrate." - Dennis Prager
"If we hope for what we are not likely to possess, we act and think in vain, and make life a greater dream and shadow than it really is." - Joseph Addison
"The salesman knows nothing of what he is selling save that he is charging a great deal too much for it." - Oscar Wilde
"I finish so many books it's amazing. I'm also doing Rosetta Stone, learning some French." - Kellan Lutz
"What is ominous is the ease with which some people go from saying that they don't like something to saying that the government should forbid it. When you go down that road, don't expect freedom to survive very long." - Thomas Sowell
"I believe there is a moral sense and a global ethic that commands attention from people of every religion and every faith, and people of no faith. But I think what's new is that we now have the capacity to communicate instantaneously across frontiers right across the world." - Gordon Brown
"What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue." - Henri Matisse
"Happy is he who still loves something he loved in the nursery: He has not been broken in two by time he is not two men, but one, and he has saved not only his soul but his life." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams." - Tupac Shakur
"Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy." - Frank Sinatra
"The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it." - Margaret Fuller
"When traveling with someone, take large does of patience and tolerance with your morning coffee." - Helen Hayes
"There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage." - Luther, Martin
"As one gets older, it happens that in the morning one fails to remember the airplane trip to be taken in a few hours or the lecture scheduled for the afternoon." - Rudolf Arnheim
"At the time when this famous historical battle was fought in Kosovo, the people were looking at the stars, expecting aid from them. Now, six centuries later, they are looking at the stars again, waiting to conquer them." - Slobodan Milosevic
"Beauty can come in strange forms." - James Dyson
"The results of this survey are shocking and should be a wake-up call to men and women that drinking and smoking too much not only gives you a bad headache in the morning but can affect your ability to start a family." - Ann Robinson
"I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." - Vincent Van Gogh
"I have so much empathy for these young actors that are 19 and all of a sudden they're beautiful and famous and rich. I'm like, 'Oh my God, I'd be dead.'" - Philip Seymour Hoffman
"These days too many of us seem inclined to cover our ears, close our eyes, and blindly follow the most narrow, conservative tenets of religion or else seek comfort in the ancient traditions of New Age ritual." - Joan D. Vinge
"Working with Omarion is pretty amazing. That's like my brother. He's really cool." - Teyana Taylor
"I told my father I wanted to play the banjo, and so he saved the money and got ready to give me a banjo for my next birthday, and between that time and my birthday, I lost interest in the banjo and was playing guitar." - Jackson Browne
"The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances." - Aristotle
"Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge." - Abraham Joshua Heschel
"Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life." - Brian Sandoval
"Age' is the acceptance of a term of years. But maturity is the glory of years.;Martha Graham;age
270;I think we ought to raise the age at which juveniles can have a gun.;George W. Bush;age
271;In this age, which believes that there is a short cut to everything, the greatest lesson to be learned is that the most difficult way is, in the long run, the easiest.;Henry Miller;age
272;A man is a fool if he drinks before he reaches the age of 50, and a fool if he doesn't afterward.;Frank Lloyd Wright;age
273;There are few things that we so unwillingly give up, even in advanced age, as the supposition that we still have the power of ingratiating ourselves with the fair sex.;Samuel Johnson;age
274;Age imprints more wrinkles in the mind than it does on the face.;Michel de Montaigne;age
275;I was confirmed at my prep school at the age of 13.;Richard Dawkins;age
276;Love has no age, no limit and no death.;John Galsworthy;age
277;What makes old age hard to bear is not the failing of one's faculties, mental and physical, but the burden of one's memories.;W. Somerset Maugham;age
278;I have always paid income tax. I object only when it reaches a stage when I am threatened with having nothing left for my old age - which is due to start next Tuesday or Wednesday.;Noel Coward;age
279;In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order.;Will Durant;age
280;And I'm afraid, in this day and age, trust, which I count so, you know, I love loyalty. I love trust.;Elton John;age
281;My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail.;Sara Blakely;age
282;What is the worst of woes that wait on age? What stamps the wrinkle deeper on the brow? To view each loved one blotted from life's page, And be alone on earth, as I am now.;Lord Byron;age
283;Age is a matter of feeling, not of years.;Washington Irving;age
284;A tart temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.;Washington Irving;age
285;Canada has a passive-aggressive culture, with a lot of sarcasm and righteousness. That went with my weird messianic complex. The ego is a fascinating monster. I was taught from a young age that I had to serve, so that turned into me thinking I had to save the planet.;Alanis Morissette;age
286;Discrimination due to age is one of the great tragedies of modern life. The desire to work and be useful is what makes life worth living, and to be told your efforts are not needed because you are the wrong age is a crime.;Johnny Ball;age
287;An artist must be a reactionary. He has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along.;Andre Maurois;age
288;What turns me on about the digital age, what excited me personally, is that you have closed the gap between dreaming and doing. You see, it used to be that if you wanted to make a record of a song, you needed a studio and a producer. Now, you need a laptop.;Bono;age
289;I have always felt that a woman has the right to treat the subject of her age with ambiguity until, perhaps, she passes into the realm of over ninety. Then it is better she be candid with herself and with the world.;Carl Sandburg;age
290;Nice to be here? At my age it's nice to be anywhere.;George Burns;age
291;Though the Jazz Age continued it became less and less an affair of youth. The sequel was like a children's party taken over by the elders.;F. Scott Fitzgerald;age
292;Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.;Walter Scott;age
293;Our age knows nothing but reaction, and leaps from one extreme to another.;Reinhold Niebuhr;age
294;The philosophies of one age have become the absurdities of the next, and the foolishness of yesterday has become the wisdom of tomorrow.;William Osler;age
295;I saw no African people in the printed and illustrated Sunday school lessons. I began to suspect at this early age that someone had distorted the image of my people. My long search for the true history of African people the world over began.;John Henrik Clarke;age
296;In order to fix Social Security, we must restructure it so that we continue to provide for our Nation's seniors that are approaching retirement age, but allow for younger taxpayers to invest a portion of their Social Security taxes in private accounts.;Herman Cain;age
297;No lie ever reaches old age.;Sophocles;age
298;I wanted to be a teacher. I love children, so I wanted to deal with children. Then I wanted to be a veterinarian. But by the age of ten or eleven, when I opened my mouth and said, 'Oh, God, what's this?' I kind of knew teaching and being a veterinarian were gonna have to wait.;Whitney Houston;age
299;This is the curse of our age, even the strangest aberrations are no cure for boredom.;Stendhal;age
300;If repression has indeed been the fundamental link between power, knowledge, and sexuality since the classical age, it stands to reason that we will not be able to free ourselves from it except at a considerable cost.;Michel Foucault;age
301;But an old age serene and bright, and lovely as a Lapland night, shall lead thee to thy grave.;William Wordsworth;age
302;Litigation takes the place of sex at middle age.;Gore Vidal;age
303;The face you have at age 25 is the face God gave you, but the face you have after 50 is the face you earned.;Cindy Crawford;age
304;The hallmark of our age is the tension between aspirations and sluggish institutions.;John W. Gardner;age
305;It seems as if an age of genius must be succeeded by an age of endeavour riot and extravagance by cleanliness and hard work.;Virginia Woolf;age
306;Old age is ready to undertake tasks that youth shirked because they would take too long.;W. Somerset Maugham;age
307;A woman tells her doctor, 'I've got a bad back.' The doctor says, 'It's old age.' The woman says, 'I want a second opinion.' The doctor says: 'Okay - you're ugly as well." - Tommy Cooper
"Show me a good and gracious loser and I'll show you a failure." - Knute Rockne
"The first presentation of my show was given in May, 1883, at Omaha, which I had then chosen as my home. From there we made our first summer tour, visiting practically every important city in the country." - Buffalo Bill
"Now workers should have the right to join unions. But unions should not be forced upon workers. And unions should not have the power to take money our of their members' paychecks to buy the support of politicians that are favored by the union bosses." - Mitt Romney
"It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei." - Cindy Crawford
"I urge the Iraqi leadership for sake of its own people... to seize this opportunity and thereby begin to end the isolation and suffering of the Iraqi people." - Kofi Annan
"I haven't left the house without a packet of Kleenex in my back pocket for as long as I can remember. Whenever I start thinking I'm incredibly cool, the packet of Kleenex in my back pocket brings me right back down to earth." - Josh Radnor
"My creed is that: Happiness is the only good. The place to be happy is here. The time to be happy is now. The way to be happy is to make others so." - Robert Green Ingersoll
"My mom had started to go to work when I was nine or ten, so I was aware of women trying to find their own identities by working. But I was still influenced by men to such an extreme. I wanted to play their games and wanted to compete in their world and be like them." - Elisabeth Shue
"I loved education, and, yes, I did want to go on learning." - Arthur Hailey
"I was a mixture of being incredibly old for my age and incredibly backwards. I was born quite old, but then I stopped growing. I lived with my mum and dad till I was 30." - Helena Bonham Carter
"Getting through the nights is the toughest part. Being alone. Not having her there to talk to." - Stuart Appleby
"We need earmark reform, and when I'm President, I will go line by line to make sure that we are not spending money unwisely." - Barack Obama
"There are a lot of obstacles in the way of our understanding animal intelligence - not the least being that we can't even agree whether nonhuman species are conscious. We accept that chimps and dolphins experience awareness we like to think dogs and cats do. But what about mice and newts? What about a fly? Is anything going on there at all?" - Jeffrey Kluger
"Fear comes from uncertainty. When we are absolutely certain, whether of our worth or worthlessness, we are almost impervious to fear." - William Congreve
"It's odd how violence and humor so often go together, isn't it?" - Dan Simmons
"I would rather exercise than read a newspaper." - Kim Alexis
"What is wrong with the Iranians in addition to the nuclear bomb? This is the only country on Earth in the 21st century that has renewed imperialistic ambitions. They really want to become the hegemon of the Middle East in an age that gave up imperialism." - Shimon Peres
"The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." - Dale Carnegie
"I failed first grade, which is my biggest problem. You always feel like a failure, like you're stupid." - Amy Sedaris
"History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge, periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another.... Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained." - Darwin, Charles
"Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night of our lives. " - Dement, William
"I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money." - Bob Hope
"People want change but not too much change. Finding that balance is tricky for every politician." - Eleanor Clift
"All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars." - Charles A. Beard
"In this world, everyone wants to know everything about you, and I think that's funny." - Leighton Meester
"I had a blast doing the Warped Tour, but it's good to be home, for sure." - Joan Jett
"To my mind the boy who gives least promise is one in whom the critical faculty develops in advance of the imagination." - Quintilian
"Twenty-eight years in business and you understand the importance of problem solving and the importance of efficiency, because if you don't become efficient, you don't run a business well, and you are out of business. And I think some of those principles could be applied to leadership in Washington." - Steve Daines
"Whenever, at a party, I have been in the mood to study fools, I have always looked for a great beauty: they always gather round her like flies around a fruit stall." - Jean Paul
"It takes patience to appreciate domestic bliss volatile spirits prefer unhappiness." - George Santayana
"We need the kind of leadership exemplified by President Kennedy to just do it! But we must do it as good stewards, aggressively exerting control over the moon. We can best do this by going there." - Wilson Greatbatch
"The problem with me is, anything that's easy I will just overdo it. Especially with clothes. But I'm 14 - my mom is super-strict about that." - Chloe Moretz
"I had this temp receptionist job in New York, and I kind of hated it, and in the morning I would come out of the subway and just walk along the New York streets with all these people around me and kind of sing to myself. Like, 'She's gonna make it!'" - Elizabeth Meriwether
"The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
"However, frat-boy humor is funny and it always will be." - Craig Kilborn
"Thought takes man out of servitude, into freedom." - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"You can be famous for a lot of things. You can be a Nobel-prize winner. You can be the fattest guy in the world." - Evel Knievel
"When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest." - Henry David Thoreau
"All that I say is, examine, inquire. Look into the nature of things. Search out the grounds of your opinions, the for and against. Know why you believe, understand what you believe, and possess a reason for the faith that is in you." - Frances Wright
"If we do not change our negative habits toward climate change, we can count on worldwide disruptions in food production, resulting in mass migration, refugee crises and increased conflict over scarce natural resources like water and farm land. This is a recipe for major security problems." - Michael Franti
"You think about some of the most memorable meals you've ever had the food will be good but it will often be about locating a mental memory and taste is inexorably linked to all the other senses and memory, so ultimately it is all about taste." - Heston Blumenthal
"I play Xbox. I have a little boy to look after. I have dogs. You know, I have things to do. I would love to be able to sit down and watch something like a movie. I watch my own movies because I have to." - Tom Hardy
"Some people think that doctors and nurses can put scrambled eggs back in the shell." - Cass Canfield
"As his partner on this amazing journey, I can tell you Mitt Romney was not handed success. He built it." - Ann Romney
"There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. It's my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. There's a sadness to it, but there's romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person." - Alexander McQueen
"Over the next two years UNICEF will focus on improving access to and the quality of education to provide children who have dropped out of school or who work during school hours the opportunity to gain a formal education!" - Roger Moore
"Sometimes you trust someone who turns out not to be honest. There are a lot of things that happen in life that don't turn out the way you're given the impression that they will. And I think that's all kind of a con. But I think we've probably all been hurt." - Sigourney Weaver
"Knowledge is two-fold, and consists not only in an affirmation of what is true, but in the negation of that which is false." - Charles Caleb Colton
"I think Prince should open up a little more to other artists. Just because we love Prince. Especially the old stuff - we love him to death. But if he opened up he would be something to deal with. Imagine Kanye West producing a Prince track? It would be banoodles!" - Jamie Foxx
"That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God." - Albert Einstein
"I do write a lot from personal experience, but I also embellish a bit." - Miranda Lambert
"Books and marriage go ill together." - Moliere
"You know, be an actor because you love to act. Don't be an actor because you think you're going to get famous, because that's luck." - Whoopi Goldberg
"Well, first of all, we did lots of studies where we show practical intelligence doesn't correlate with G. We have probably two dozen studies that practical intelligence better predicts job success than IQ." - Robert Sternberg
"I've never really broken this down before, but, in movies, you almost have no connection to fans. And if you do TV, you're kind of connected, but they know you as the TV name not your real name. If you do radio, there's more of a bond there. And then if you do a podcast it's like you're literally inside of your fans." - Adam Carolla
"In the morning, I reach for the sports page." - Lisa Guerrero
"In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed." - Khalil Gibran
"The difficulty for most of us in the modern world is that the old-fashioned idea of God has become incredible or implausible." - Alan Watts
"You can't hold a man down without staying down with him." - Washington, Booker T.
"Only God Himself fully appreciates the influence of a Christian mother in the molding of character in her children." - Billy Graham
"In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth." - Patti Smith
"I know I'm talented, but I wasn't put here to sing. I was put here to be a wife and a mom and look after my family. I love what I do, but it's not where it begins and ends." - Amy Winehouse
"Instead of going out to dinner, buy good food. Cooking at home shows such affection. In a bad economy, it's more important to make yourself feel good." - Ina Garten
"Where there is great love, there are always wishes." - Willa Cather
"Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time." - Thomas Merton
"The work is challenging, interesting and an important part of our legal system." - David Minge
"Don't force your kids into sports. I never was. To this day, my dad has never asked me to go play golf. I ask him. It's the child's desire to play that matters, not the parent's desire to have the child play. Fun. Keep it fun." - Tiger Woods
"How many famous and high-spirited heroes have lived a day too long?" - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"I'm very comfortable with failure. I'm very comfortable being the guy who disappoints people." - Steven Soderbergh
"What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew." - Robert Browning
"My whole family's been in the business. My whole family is crazy." - Blake Lively
"Mr. Bean is at his best when he is not using words, but I am equally at home in both verbal and nonverbal expression." - Rowan Atkinson
"Control your own destiny or someone else will." - Jack Welch
"Our life dreams the Utopia. Our death achieves the Ideal." - Victor Hugo
"Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness nothing but faith, faith and freedom." - Gustave Flaubert
"Let's talk of a system that transforms all the social organisms into a work of art, in which the entire process of work is included... something in which the principle of production and consumption takes on a form of quality. It's a Gigantic project." - Joseph Beuys
"One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure." - John W. Gardner
"My family got all over me because they said Bush is only for the rich people. Then I reminded them, 'Hey, I'm rich'." - Charles Barkley
"We can't form our children on our own concepts we must take them and love them as God gives them to us." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Human life is as evanescent as the morning dew or a flash of lightning." - Nehru, Jawaharial
"Absence from whom we love is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair." - William Cowper
"Actually, I didn't make the claim that Ruby follows the principle of least surprise. Someone felt the design of Ruby follows that philosophy, so they started saying that. I didn't bring that up, actually." - Yukihiro Matsumoto
"Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained." - Marie Curie
"Everybody's a filmmaker today." - John Milius
"You wrestle one night, get up the next morning and fly out to the next city. You try to work out, you try to get some food into you and, lo and behold, you have to go work again. You are living out of a suitcase." - Bill Goldberg
"Whenever I'm in theatre situations I will go out of my way not to talk about my father, but in the film world I can be really proud of my family and say, 'You know what: my dad's a really, really famous theatre director,' because nobody has any idea." - Rebecca Hall
"I think that if I had grown up and had been in show business and the movies twenty five, thirty years earlier, I think I would have made a lot more musical movies." - Christopher Walken
"Our founders got it right when they wrote in the Declaration of Independence that our rights come from nature and nature's God, not from government." - Paul Ryan
"We need to find the courage to say no to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity." - Barbara de Angelis
"An enormous part of our mature experience cannot not be expressed in words." - Alfred North Whitehead
"Nothing requires the architect's care more than the due proportions of buildings." - Marcus V. Pollio
"More books, more racing and more foolishness with cars and motorcycles are in the works." - Brock Yates
"Sometimes a character is really based on research that you do. Other times it's just based on your imagination or perhaps your conversation with the director. Or sometimes all of the above. It depends on the movie and character." - Joaquin Phoenix
"Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation for it is better to be alone than in bad company." - George Washington
"Movies like that aren't about the visual effects and explosions. They're human stories about family, about life, about death." - Orlando Bloom
"I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer." - Brendan Behan
"The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Now, one of the most essential branches of English liberty is the freedom of one's house." - James Otis
"It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more." - Woody Allen
"It is the business of the future to be dangerous and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties." - Alfred North Whitehead
"Segregation has no place in the education system." - Richard Dawkins
"I have a trophy case that contains all the action figures ever made of me. It also has items I've stolen from my movies, like three guns and holsters from 'Serenity'." - Nathan Fillion
"Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life." - Brian Tracy
"We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again." - Sheena Easton
"We're going to need to absorb some pain. The Republicans want to pile all the pain on people who can least afford it and the middle class and Democrats under his leadership want to make sure that we can address deficit reduction and continue to make investments and shared sacrifice is going to be imperative in order to be able to do that." - Debbie Wasserman Schultz
"Do we fear terrorism so much that we throw out our Constitution, and are we unwilling and afraid to debate our Constitution?" - Rand Paul
"I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion." - Mo Yan
"The freedom to be an individual is the essence of America." - Marilyn vos Savant
"I think the biggest thing is clean as you go. Wash all your knives, cutting boards, dishes, when you are done cooking, not look at a sink full of dishes after you are done. Cleaning as you go helps keep away cross contamination and you avoid having food borne bacteria." - Cat Cora
"Sleep more at night. If it's allowed at work or home, take a nap in the afternoon. You'll be amazed at how much better you'll feel." - Ben Stein
"No marriage can stand up under the strain of incessant association." - Johnny Weissmuller
"So as I look at transitioning to the communication platforms of the future, I see that the beauty of Internet protocols is you get the separation of the layers between service and technology." - Michael K. Powell
"As a father now, I wouldn't do what my dad did, because it left me feeling emotionally unstable as a kid. But he didn't do the things he did out of selfishness or malice." - Anthony Kiedis
"Everyone can relate to love, hurt, pain, learning how to forgive, needing to get over, needing the power of God in their life." - Tyler Perry
"Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach." - Woodrow Wilson
"The injury that we do to a man must be such that we need not fear his vengeance." - Steve Perry
"I didn't come from a trailer park. I grew up middle class and my dad had money and my mom made my lunch. I got a car when I was sixteen. I'm proud of that." - Kid Rock
"If you're bored with life - you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals." - Lou Holtz
"I wanted to be in Jim Carrey comedy movies before I met him. I wanted to be a comedian on Stage 19, yukking it up." - Jenny McCarthy
"I wish that there were more stringent laws to make guns sold anywhere that they're legal harder to get." - Rosie O'Donnell
"Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not." - Valerie Bertinelli
"To stand up on a stage alone with an acoustic guitar requires bravery bordering on heroism. Bordering on insanity." - Richard Thompson
"My biggest role as director on the film is keeping a sense of the overview - how to cast the movie and shoot it in such a way that it will cut together. And how to design the style and tone." - Jay Roach
"There is no harm in patience, and no profit in lamentation. Death is easier to bear (than) that which precedes it, and more severe than that which comes after it. Remember the death of the Apostle of God, and your sorrow will be lessened." - Abu Bakr
"The sanitary and mechanical age we are now entering makes up for the mercy it grants to our sense of smell by the ferocity with which it assails our sense of hearing." - Havelock Ellis
"Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship." - Laura Riding
"Many people submit to excessive appetites without realizing that they do not need to eat so much food." - Kate Smith
"What white man can say I never stole his land or a penny of his money? Yet they say that I am a thief." - Sitting Bull
"High school is such a shared experience in North American culture." - Doug Coupland
"You can't set a hen in one morning and have chicken salad for lunch." - George M. Humphrey
"I want someone who can keep me on my toes, has a good sense of humor and a good heart." - Carmen Electra
"The American attitude is 'We're the best'. That's why the NBA guys who come from other countries, the Europeans, all sort of stick together away from the game." - Andrew Bogut
"The best way to get a bad law repealed is to enforce it strictly." - Abraham Lincoln
"If men were angels, no government would be necessary." - James Madison
"Used to be, conservatives revered the Average American, that Norman Rockwell oil painting of diner food, humble faith, honest toil, and Capraesque virtue." - James Wolcott
"Friendship often ends in love but love in friendship - never." - Charles Caleb Colton
"Many children are natural fantasists, I think, perhaps because their imaginations have yet to be clobbered into submission by experience." - David Mitchell
"A poet never takes notes. You never take notes in a love affair." - Robert Frost
"Poets are the sense, philosophers the intelligence of humanity." - Samuel Beckett
"The worst thing I could be thinking is how could I be a cool bass player." - Mike Gordon
"Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness." - Emile M. Cioran
"I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it." - Harry S. Truman
"It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing." - Brittany Murphy
"If at first you don't succeed you're running about average." - Alderson, M.H.
"You want to try and bring a character to life in an honest a way as you possibly can. It doesn't matter whether he's a doctor, an actor, a car salesman or a captain of a starship. If you can bring truth and honesty to that character, then your audience will believe you." - Scott Bakula
"My passion and energy get mistaken for anger." - Gary Oldman
"We can't get to the $4 trillion in savings that we need by just cutting the 12 percent of the budget that pays for things like medical research and education funding and food inspectors and the weather service. And we can't just do it by making seniors pay more for Medicare." - Barack Obama
"I am thankful the most important key in history was invented. It's not the key to your house, your car, your boat, your safety deposit box, your bike lock or your private community. It's the key to order, sanity, and peace of mind. The key is 'Delete.'" - Elayne Boosler
"Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language." - Walt Disney
"Fifty percent of our country that we own, have all legal jurisdiction, have all rights to do whatever we want, lies beneath the sea and we have better maps of Mars than that 50 percent." - Robert Ballard
"Some people feel guilty about their anxieties and regard them as a defect of faith but they are afflictions, not sins. Like all afflictions, they are, if we can so take them, our share in the passion of Christ." - C. S. Lewis
"I basically became a cheerleader because I had a very strict mom. That was my way of being a bad girl." - Sandra Bullock
"I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be." - Emily Mortimer
"The cool parts - the parts that have won Dubai its reputation as 'the Vegas of the Middle East' or 'the Venice of the Middle East' or 'the Disney World of the Middle East, if Disney World were the size of San Francisco and out in a desert' - have been built in the last ten years." - George Saunders
"I was not particularly bright, I wasn't very athletic, I was a little too tall, odd, funny looking, I was just really weird as a kid." - Uma Thurman
"Cats know how to obtain food without labor, shelter without confinement, and love without penalties." - W. L. George
"Just as the police review their operational tactics, so we in the Home Office will review the powers available to the police." - Theresa May
"Fear rules almost every newsroom in the country." - Dan Rather
"I don't think you should feel about a film. You should feel about a woman, not a movie. You can't kiss a movie." - Jean-Luc Godard
"Success is hard in general for most women. We now have such busy lives, and we're told we can do everything - you know, we can have the relationship and the marriage and the kids and the career." - Cat Deeley
"When applied to politics and taken to its extreme, kitsch is the mask of death. Fascism was all aesthetics. There was no core principle to it. There was no truth to it." - John Cusack
"When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race." - Margaret Sanger
"Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future." - Steve Jobs
"Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old." - Amy Klobuchar
"In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death." - Damien Hirst
"As the first Hispanic female governor in history, little girls often come up to me in the grocery store or the mall. They look and point, and when they get the courage, they ask 'Are you Susana?' and they run up and give me a hug." - Susana Martinez
"I began to understand my sensations, to know what I wanted, at around the age of forty - but only vaguely." - Camille Pissarro
"When things are bad, we take comfort in the thought that they could always get worse. And when they are, we find hope in the thought that things are so bad they have to get better." - Malcolm Forbes
"The difference between a bad artist and a good one is: the bad artist seems to copy a great deal the good one really does." - William Blake
"All art is quite useless." - Oscar Wilde
"A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." - Yoko Ono
"So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable." - Christopher Reeve
"Mechanization best serves mediocrity." - Frank Lloyd Wright
"No, I'm no enemy to learning it hurts not me." - William Congreve
"It is rather for us here dedicated to the great task remaining before us, that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion." - Abraham Lincoln
"When I think of a merry, happy, free young girl - and look at the ailing, aching state a young wife generally is doomed to - which you can't deny is the penalty of marriage." - Queen Victoria
"Never again! I can see no reason for marriage - ever at all. I've had it. Three times is enough." - Ingrid Bergman
"At root fame is a sham. I'm not going to live forever and if I am I certainly need don't you to tell me that so that I will buy a car or a box of dried up crackers." - Nick Mancuso
"Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts." - Edward R. Murrow
"A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists." - Don Marquis
"It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are." - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
"I love HGTV. I love the Food Network." - Tim Gunn
"I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change." - Nicholas Sparks
"If there is anything better than to be loved it is loving. " - Anon.
"Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance." - Jane Austen
"I'm always suspicious of really beautiful women telling us we shouldn't be worried about beauty." - Susan Estrich
"Character, in the long run, is the decisive factor in the life of an individual and of nations alike." - Theodore Roosevelt
"I am not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star." - Sojourner Truth
"I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change." - Keanu Reeves
"Moreover, health center services save money and lives by treating diseases before they become chronic conditions, require hospital care or require a trip to the emergency room." - Tim Murphy
"Man becomes great exactly in the degree in which he works for the welfare of his fellow-men." - Mahatma Gandhi
"In times such as these, people should recognize that evil knows no borders, knows no limits and knows no compassion. Those around the globe that value freedom must continue to persevere even in the darkest of times." - Michael Burgess
"Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future." - Fulton Oursler
"Let us go forth with fear and courage and rage to save the world." - Grace Paley
"What people want, above all, is order." - Stephen Gardiner
"I am but an architectural composer." - Alexander Jackson Davis
"Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of." - Ambrose Bierce
"Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds." - Sophocles
"To imply that religious believers have no right to engage moral questions in the public square or at the ballot is simply to establish a Reichian secularism as our state faith." - Maggie Gallagher
"If you try to do your best there is no failure." - Mike Farrell
"I love the solitude of being on a plane and finally getting to read an entire book and being left alone." - Christina Ricci
"I know one husband and wife who, whatever the official reasons given to the court for the break up of their marriage, were really divorced because the husband believed that nobody ought to read while he was talking and the wife that nobody ought to talk while she was reading." - Vera Brittain
"I'm not interested in dating. I like being with my own best friend, me. Certain women, particularly older women, cannot believe I like going to a social event by myself. But I do." - Gloria Allred
"His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof." - J. K. Rowling
"It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself." - Thomas Jefferson
"Government is not reason, it is not eloquence - it is force." - Washington, George
"There are a handful of people whom money won't spoil, and we all count ourselves among them." - Mignon McLaughlin
"You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization." - Denis Waitley
"What is marriage but prostitution to one man instead of many?" - Angela Carter
"I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true." - Gwyneth Paltrow
"The banking collapse was caused, more than anything, by bad government policy and the total failure of bad regulation, rather than by greed." - Nigel Farage
"I love being. There's so much wisdom in it. You wake up in the morning and you think, Hey, isn't it great just being?" - Gwyneth Paltrow
"These rules may seem simple enough, but it will require great morale and physical courage to adhere to them. But if carried out in the strict sense of the word it will surely lead to a greater success than could otherwise be attained." - Major Taylor
"The extravagant expenditure of public money is an evil not to be measured by the value of that money to the people who are taxed for it." - Chester A. Arthur
"Woe to the house where the hen crows and the rooster keeps still." - Spanish Proverb
"The art world is molting - some would say melting. Galleries are closing museums are scaling back." - Jerry Saltz
"Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give." - David O. McKay
"Even when I'm playing someone named Fat Amy, I'm all about confidence and attitude." - Rebel Wilson
"Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul." - W. Somerset Maugham
"There's a void of leadership in a lot of Washington. I think one of the reasons why there's so much angst across the country." - Rush Limbaugh
"The permanent temptation of life is to confuse dreams with reality. The permanent defeat of life comes when dreams are surrendered to reality." - James A. Michener
"Maybe you don't like your job, maybe you didn't get enough sleep, well nobody likes their job, nobody got enough sleep. Maybe you just had the worst day of your life, but you know, there's no escape, there's no excuse, so just suck up and be nice." - Ani DiFranco
"You can become famous but you can't become unfamous. You can become infamous but not unfamous." - Dave Chappelle
"One of the most important things that I did to turn my life around was to realize and to accept that from this minute, that's all we have. Everything that happened behind us we cannot change so you might as well look to the future." - Nick Carter
"I was a loner as a child and happiest at home, launching toy rockets and aeroplanes. When I started causing trouble in my third year at grammar school, Mum was really surprised. My parents sent me to a child psychologist, who suggested I might have Asperger's syndrome." - Gary Numan
"We hope President Obama will now respect the will of the people, change course, and commit to making the changes they are demanding. To the extent he is willing to do this, we are ready to work with him." - John Boehner
"There is a set of religious, or rather moral, writings which teach that virtue is the certain road to happiness, and vice to misery in this world. A very wholesome and comfortable doctrine, and to which we have but one objection, namely, that it is not true." - Francois Fenelon
"If there is not the war, you don't get the great general if there is not a great occasion, you don't get a great statesman if Lincoln had lived in a time of peace, no one would have known his name." - Theodore Roosevelt
"An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"God never made a promise that was too good to be true." - Dwight L. Moody
"Let us take things as we find them: let us not attempt to distort them into what they are not... We cannot make facts. All our wishing cannot change them. We must use them." - John Henry Newman
"It's interesting when people make comments about celebrities' weight gain or lack of weight gain as if they're a medical professional that's treating that celebrity. Like, 'This doctor does not treat Jessica Simpson, but thinks her weight is unhealthy.' If you don't treat her, then how do you know?" - Busy Philipps
"The history of the world shows that peoples and societies do not have to pass through a fixed series of stages in the course of development." - Aung San Suu Kyi
"A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble." - Charles Spurgeon
"Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing." - Helen Keller
"We cannot seek or attain health, wealth, learning, justice or kindness in general. Action is always specific, concrete, individualized, unique." - Benjamin Jowett
"It behooves every man who values liberty of conscience for himself, to resist invasions of it in the case of others: or their case may, by change of circumstances, become his own." - Thomas Jefferson
"I did not direct my life. I didn't design it. I never made decisions. Things always came up and made them for me. That's what life is." - B. F. Skinner
"I was offered a choice of a flat salary up front or a percentage of the film's future earnings. I took the up front money. Nobody could have figured what Halloween would ultimately become." - Donald Pleasence
"Men are more easily governed through their vices than through their virtues." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"I don't think you ever stop giving. I really don't. I think it's an on-going process. And it's not just about being able to write a check. It's being able to touch somebody's life." - Oprah Winfrey
"When I do retire, I know for a fact that I'll never be able to replace the incredible feeling I get when I'm driving an F1 car." - Jenson Button
"For the first few years of my life my mom used to cut my hair so there were a lot of bowl-cut hair styles." - Ne-Yo
"I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know." - Rashida Jones
"All cities do face similar, significant trends in the future... most importantly global warming and climate change." - Cate Blanchett
"I failed to make the chess team because of my height." - Woody Allen
"I've never had a very closely connected family. My parents split up when I was young and I was living with my mom for a little while, then I was kind of just on my own really young. It wasn't some kind of global tragedy, it was just never really a very close-knit family. So there was support in the sense that they didn't stand in my way." - Ani DiFranco
"When you get to your mid-20s, you start to feel responsibilities for the things that you do and the people around you. It's a cool age." - Eliza Dushku
"I've been quite fascinated by the relative insignificance of human existence, the shortness of life. We might as well be a letter in a word in a sentence on a page in a book in a library in a city in one country in this enormous universe! And that kind of fear and insignificance has kept me awake at night." - Laura Marling
"The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him." - Socrates
"Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility." - Robin Morgan
"I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world." - Thomas A. Edison
"Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?" - Groucho Marx
"The day in 2004 when the radiologist told me I had invasive cancer, I walked down the hospital corridor looking for a phone to call my husband, and I could almost see the fear coming toward me like a big, black shadow." - Geraldine Brooks
"For me, growing up, the downside of it was that as a kid you don't want to stand out. You don't want to have a famous father let alone get a job because of your famous father, you know? But I'm a product of nepotism. That's how I got my foot in the door, through my dad." - Jeff Bridges
"Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out." - Vaclav Havel
"Good books, like good friends, are few and chosen the more select, the more enjoyable." - Louisa May Alcott
"I want to be famous everywhere." - Luciano Pavarotti
"Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside." - Valentino Rossi
"Holding on to anger, resentment and hurt only gives you tense muscles, a headache and a sore jaw from clenching your teeth. Forgiveness gives you back the laughter and the lightness in your life." - Joan Lunden
"Nanotechnology will let us build computers that are incredibly powerful. We'll have more power in the volume of a sugar cube than exists in the entire world today." - Ralph Merkle
"There is no heaven or afterlife for broken-down computers that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark." - Stephen Hawking
"Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination." - e. e. cummings
"I've been working with the National Lung Health Education Program to raise awareness about Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease." - Loni Anderson
"It is sad that the Republican leadership is not as interested as they say they are in protecting the institution of marriage as they are in waging a campaign to divide and distract the American people from the real issues that need to be addressed." - Kendrick Meek
"Fear has its use but cowardice has none." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Clever men are good, but they are not the best." - Thomas Carlyle
"I don't want to feel like a failure to my daughter. She's the best thing I've ever done. Buffy - pretty great and all, but Charlotte's way better." - Sarah Michelle Gellar
"He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"One of the responsibilities faced by the Environmental Genome Project is to provide the science base upon which society can make better informed risk management decisions." - Samuel Wilson
"Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going." - Phyllis Diller
"Food prices are often kept artificially high. The result is that the Millennium Development Goals set out by the United Nations at the start of the new millennium are not being reached. Fine words have not yet been turned into deeds." - Jonathan Sacks
"The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase: if you pursue happiness you'll never find it." - Carrie P. Snow
"God will forgive me. It's his job." - Heinrich Heine
"Americans cannot maintain their essential faith in government if there are two Americas, in which the private sector's work subsidizes the disproportionate benefits of this new public sector elite." - Mortimer Zuckerman
"My dad sold encyclopedias and my mom worked in a factory office." - Mike Myers
"Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool." - Eddie Van Halen
"Fear is a question. What are you afraid of and why? Our fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if we explore them." - Marilyn French
"Inflation is bringing us true democracy. For the first time in history, luxuries and necessities are selling at the same price." - Robert Orben
"Cats have a scam going - you buy the food, they eat the food, they go away that's the deal." - Eddie Izzard
"You don't learn style from watching people on a runway. Fashion happens every morning when you wake up." - Shalom Harlow
"Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater." - Emil Zatopek
"What's cool about indie rock is that one band can do effectively the same thing as another band, and one band nails it, and the other one doesn't. I like that elusiveness." - Andrew Bird
"Change of weather is the discourse of fools." - Thomas Fuller
"You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear." - Sammy Davis, Jr.
"I kind of realize that I have a tendency to choose the kind of films I watched when I was a kid and would go home and pretend with my friends that we were in those movies after we saw them." - Samuel L. Jackson
"I never learned from a man who agreed with me." - Robert A. Heinlein
"My buildings will be my legacy... they will speak for me long after I'm gone." - Julia Morgan
"One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal." - Caroline Wozniacki
"There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot." - Plato
"Our dreams are made of real things, like a shoebox full of photographs." - Jack Johnson
"My dad's family were pretty working class, actually." - Dan Stevens
"There may be Peace without Joy, and Joy without Peace, but the two combined make Happiness." - John Buchan
"I have a message from the Tea Party, a message that is loud and clear and does not mince words. We've come to take our government back." - Rand Paul
"I can't not find humor in elements of most parts of life, but at the same time nothing ever seems perpetually funny to me." - Greg Kinnear
"I actually don't know anyone who wants to be famous for fame's sake, at least not anyone I respect. But you need to have a certain amount of power in order to be able to do what you want." - Michael Ian Black
"My family went through divorces and remarriages and the later, blended home - and then watched that home explode, too." - Jeffrey Kluger
"Audacity augments courage hesitation, fear." - Publilius Syrus
"If Joy Behar or Sherri Shepherd was a dude, they'd be off TV. They're not funny enough for dudes. What if Roseanne Barr was a dude? Think we'd know who she was?" - Adam Carolla
"My dad encouraged us to fail. Growing up, he would ask us what we failed at that week. If we didn't have something, he would be disappointed. It changed my mindset at an early age that failure is not the outcome, failure is not trying. Don't be afraid to fail." - Sara Blakely
"Never be the only one, except, possibly, in your own home." - Alice Walker
"We become not a melting pot but a beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams." - Jimmy Carter
"I think the way to change it is to handle issues individually when it's essential to do so." - Stephen Harper
"Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious." - Phillips Brooks
"The thing that helped me get into the film business was that I went to school in Athens, Georgia and managed to get on, um, working on music videos for a band called R.E.M. and that kind of opened up a lot of doors for me." - Alton Brown
"Legal abortion will never rest easy on this nation's conscience." - Robert Casey
"Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer." - William S. Burroughs
"The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall." - Mitch Hedberg
"Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so." - Robert Frost
"My view is that at a younger age your optimism is more and you have more imagination etc. You have less bias." - Abdul Kalam
"The British were indeed very far superior to the Americans in every respect necessary to military operations, except the revivified courage and resolution, the result of sudden success after despair." - Mercy Otis Warren
"We are always on the anvil by trials God is shaping us for higher things." - Henry Ward Beecher
"Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still." - Dorothea Lange
"I think that if we get back to some basic fundamental principles, we can make sure that we resolve the issues. And I think that that's what the Tea Party was all about. It's getting back to a constitutional conservative government. And that is limited, but it's also effective and efficient. I think that that's what we'll be able to do." - Allen West
"When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place." - Yusef Lateef
"I think it's very clear that the American people are frustrated with this move toward socialism. And so whether you're back or white, if you believe that the conservative construct is in the best interest of our future, than you too would be voting with Republicans, and if you had the opportunity to run you'd join us as well." - Tim Scott
"The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed." - Henry Ford
"The increased global linkages promote economic growth in the world through two key mechanisms: the division of labor and the international spillovers of knowledge." - Toshihiko Fukui
"Lucky that man whose children make his happiness in life and not his grief, the anguished disappointment of his hopes." - Euripedes
"There were IBM logos designed for the film, and there were IBM design consultants working with Kubrick on the layout of the controls and computer screens." - Douglas Trumbull
"You take a number of small steps which you believe are right, thinking maybe tomorrow somebody will treat this as a dangerous provocation. And then you wait. If there is no reaction, you take another step: courage is only an accumulation of small steps." - George Konrad
"I spent every night until four in the morning on my dissertation, until I came to the point when I could not write another word, not even the next letter. I went to bed. Eight o'clock the next morning I was up writing again." - Abraham Pais
"Lying at the root of the social agreements of 1980 are the courage, sense of responsibility, and the solidarity of the working people. Both sides have then recognized that an accord must be reached if bloodshed is to be prevented." - Lech Walesa
"I like movies about failing." - Albert Brooks
"I've always found it easier to be funny than to be serious." - Molly Ivins
"Before we can know God and understand his great plan it is first necessary for us to believe that he exists and that he rewards all who diligently seek him." - Joseph Franklin Rutherford
"I follow the most random people on Twitter. I follow famous people like Khloe Kardashian, who surprisingly makes really funny tweets all the time." - Chloe Moretz
"If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable." - George Ade
"The Russians feared Ike. They didn't fear me." - Lyndon B. Johnson
"The 'Being Human' people were really cool and let me improvise. They had such a good working atmosphere. It was a cool set-up and a really good environment to be in." - Craig Roberts
"And you know when I was growing up, I knew I wanted to have kids, but I knew I didn't want to do it alone. Then once I was 41, 42, I had to accept that I probably wouldn't have kids unless I decided to adopt later on, but even then it would be with a partner." - Rachel Dratch
"I would like a food/lifestyle show. We're not sure what that is yet. I want to be able to share what I do and how I raise my family. I feel like I have a story to tell. I enjoy talking and listening, sharing ideas and sharing advice." - Cat Cora
"My father was a Catholic, but my mother wasn't. She had to do that weird deal you do as a Catholic - they deign to sanction your marriage and you have to bring your children up as Catholics." - Jared Harris
"Let's keep the chemists over here and the food over here, that's my feeling. What do I know? But that is a big aspect of fast food is their ability to artificially taint the colors and the smells and stuff to stimulate appetite." - Greg Kinnear
"Even as a little child, I've always had that comedian kind of attitude." - Etta James
"We need transparency in government spending. We need to put each government expenditure online so every Floridian can see where their tax money is being spent." - Marco Rubio
"Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is." - Nadine Gordimer
"I'm thinking to myself, I just love doing the art, it takes me a morning to do." - Eddie Campbell
"It is not love that is blind, but jealousy." - Lawrence Durrell
"A woman my age is not supposed to be attractive or sexually appealing. I just get kinda tired of that." - Kathleen Turner
"Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty." - Alexander Hamilton
"Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit." - Peter Ustinov
"Time, which alone makes the reputation of men, ends by making their defects respectable." - Voltaire
"I remember when I started off, my first car was a Kia Spectra. With a spoiler kit and some rims." - Gio Gonzalez
"Precepts or maxims are of great weight and a few useful ones on hand do more to produce a happy life than the volumes we can't find." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"Judging from the main portions of the history of the world, so far, justice is always in jeopardy." - Walt Whitman
"Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"We can't command our love, but we can our actions." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"He must pull out his own eyes, and see no creature, before he can say, he sees no God He must be no man, and quench his reasonable soul, before he can say to himself, there is no God." - John Donne
"Men are only as great as they are kind." - Elbert Hubbard
"My family is from the South, and I can remember all those ladies I grew up with, like my great-aunts, who had handkerchiefs. There's something sweet about them." - Laura Linney
"I had a job at a movie theater for like a year and a half and then a job at a health food store for, like, two years. Those were the only two jobs I ever had." - Reggie Watts
"Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things." - Jean Baudrillard
"I feel like people start to believe things that people say about them and start to think they're really important. If you have a family that is down to earth and cool, I don't see how you can be like that." - Amanda Bynes
"It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it." - Benjamin Franklin
"Happiness depends more on how life strikes you than on what happens." - Andy Rooney
"I'm set to have my best year ever: I'm hiring some acts and there will be a show in the morning, in the afternoon and in the evening. I'm going to use my theater to its fullest potential." - Mickey Gilley
"The United States Constitution has proved itself the most marvelously elastic compilation of rules of government ever written." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"I don't know who the hell Paul Lynde is, or why he's funny, and I prefer it to be a mystery to me." - Paul Lynde
"I was never considered cool throughout my teens: a very important time to be accepted by someone, especially your peers. Yes, I had all the screaming women, but the guys hated my guts." - Donny Osmond
"One half who graduate from college never read another book." - G. M. Trevelyan
"My mum always told me I was precious, while my dad always told me I was worthless. I think that's a good grounding for a balanced life." - Alan Cumming
"My guess is my brother would call his mom and his dad pretty regularly, a lot more than I probably did." - Jeb Bush
"What we have to do is strike a balance between the idea that government should do everything and the idea, the belief, that government ought to do nothing. Strike a balance." - Barbara Jordan
"Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it." - Amelia Edith Huddleston Barr
"I have never yet met a healthy person who worried very much about his health, or a really good person who worried much about his own soul." - John B. S. Haldane
"I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds yet I willingly cure him for the love of God." - Mother Teresa
"The only sure bulwark of continuing liberty is a government strong enough to protect the interests of the people, and a people strong enough and well enough informed to maintain its sovereign control over the goverment." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Toxins love to get you while you're young. Lead, mercury, secondhand smoke and sundry other environmental nasties do a lot more damage when tissue is immature, vulnerable and growing than when it's mature and comparatively fixed." - Jeffrey Kluger
"It is from the traditional family that we absorb those universal ideals and principles which are the teaching of Jesus, the bedrock of our religious faith. We are taught the difference between right and wrong, and about the law, just punishment and discipline." - Kamisese Mara
"I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change." - Keanu Reeves
"The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom." - Gordon Gee
"Well, well, Henry James is pretty good, though he is of the nineteenth century, and that glaringly." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Talk unbelief, and you will have unbelief but talk faith, and you will have faith. According to the seed sown will be the harvest." - Ellen G. White
"The 1st Amendment protects the right to speak, not the right to spend." - Byron White
"The last of human freedoms - the ability to chose one's attitude in a given set of circumstances." - Viktor E. Frankl
"Sweet is the scene where genial friendship plays the pleasing game of interchanging praise." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
"Past experience with fiscal austerity at home and overseas strongly suggests that it is best for the economy's long-run performance to restrain government spending rather than raise taxes." - Mark Zandi
"Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family." - Chris Brown
"My dad had this rock hard body and would work 12- to 13-hour days. The guys he worked with were scrap-iron guys. Nobody on that road crew had read a book in 10 years, but there was something about the way they lived I really admired." - Richard Russo
"I'm not the type of person to live in fear. I think positively." - David Guetta
"Even with, or perhaps, because of, this background, I have over the past few years sensed a very dramatic change in attitude on the part of Prince Edward Islanders towards the on-going rush for so-called modernization." - Alex Campbell
"We need to be aware of what we are capable of first and realize that if you place your dreams really really high, you do have the potential to get to that level." - Vicente Fox
"I can't really put it in one sentence because although on one hand Preacher is about faith and yes it is also about, I suppose, the search for God, the search for faith and the manipulation and the abuse committed by figures in whom I suppose people have faith." - Garth Ennis
"I think the key to happiness is allowing ourselves to not feel bad or guilty for feeling it, and letting it be contagious. And to not be dependent on other people to create your own happiness." - Brittany Murphy
"Education, whatever else it should or should not be, must be an inoculation against the poisons of life and an adequate equipment in knowledge and skill for meeting the chances of life." - Havelock Ellis
"No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition." - William Osler
"No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office." - Gloria Steinem
"People may take a job for more money, but they often leave it for more recognition." - Bob Nelson
"Age is a tyrant, who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth." - La Rochefoucauld, Fran?ois
"Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy." - Spike Milligan
"The government's view is that the best time to announce bad news, news that it doesn't want the public to dwell on is late on a Friday, when it will wind up in the Saturday papers, which if you were readers, then the week day editions. A holiday weekend is even better." - Bob Schieffer
"There is the fear, common to all English-only speakers, that the chief purpose of foreign languages is to make fun of us. Otherwise, you know, why not just come out and say it?" - Barbara Ehrenreich
"It is because my dad died suddenly that I became an actor. I thought, I'm going to make money doing this thing I enjoy." - Paul Giamatti
"You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with." - Wayne Dyer
"Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation." - Salvador Dali
"Like all best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and of family disagreements." - Queen Elizabeth II
"Sometimes Americans don't quite get my sense of humor. My good ol' British sarcasm seems to go over their heads." - Lee Westwood
"We believe that the government has an important role to create the conditions that promote entrepreneurship, upward mobility, and individual responsibility." - Paul Ryan
"The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes." - John Stuart Mill
"There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world." - Jean Baudrillard
"I put on the best live show, the absolute best live show I can possibly can." - Kesha
"Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten." - John Dryden
"Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching, I've learned from making mistakes." - Rick Pitino
"My mom told me to do whatever I wanted to do and don't get too anxious about it." - David Giuntoli
"Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens." - David Cameron
"When fast food is not a treat but a dietary staple, the children surf the internet all day in dark corners of the room and are bombarded with latest gadgets. Things replace parental standards." - Diane Abbott
"Later, I realized that the mission had to end in a let-down because the real barrier wasn't in the sky but in our knowledge and experience of supersonic flight." - Chuck Yeager
"In the U.S. alone, weather disasters caused $50 billion in economic damages in 2010." - Jeff Goodell
"When you're a catalyst for change, you make enemies - and I'm proud of the ones I've got." - Rupert Murdoch
"Leadership is the key to 99 percent of all successful efforts." - Erskine Bowles
"Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence." - Colin Powell
"I've never held myself up particularly high when I had movies that worked, and I never held myself all that low when I had failures." - Ben Affleck
"People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly." - Andy Warhol
"I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that it's not normal, but I just don't care. I live once." - Liz Phair
"For any new technology there is always controversy and there always some fear associated with it. I think that's just the price of being first sometimes." - Hugh Grant
"Frequent worshippers are also significantly more active citizens. They are more likely to belong to community organizations, especially those concerned with young people, health, arts and leisure, neighborhood and civic groups and professional associations." - Jonathan Sacks
"I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home." - Amy Winehouse
"The civil rights movement was based on faith. Many of us who were participants in this movement saw our involvement as an extension of our faith. We saw ourselves doing the work of the Almighty. Segregation and racial discrimination were not in keeping with our faith, so we had to do something." - John Lewis
"Bring a wife home to your house when you are of the right age, not far short of 30 years, nor much above this is the right time for marriage." - Hesiod
"I got into shape because I took kick-boxing lessons every day to prepare for a fight scene with Taylor Lautner. I really wanted to lie down and eat Chinese food, but I kick-boxed every morning and ran. If someone was filming you with your kit off, you'd do the same thing." - Jason Isaacs
"Now all the knowledge and wisdom that is in creatures, whether angels or men, is nothing else but a participation of that one eternal, immutable and increased wisdom of God." - Ralph Cudworth
"You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end." - George Armstrong Custer
"I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God." - Jimmy Carter
"The atom bomb was no 'great decision.' It was merely another powerful weapon in the arsenal of righteousness." - Harry S. Truman
"Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country." - Anais Nin
"We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek then with our eyes open." - Nehru, Jawaharial
"Every woman I've had a relationship with has found this maddening the fact that I will talk about anything on the stage, and reveal all this stuff, and yet when I'm at home, I clam up and won't discuss anything intimate or personal." - Jarvis Cocker
"I'm learning Spanish - I got Rosetta Stone for Christmas." - Karlie Kloss
"Go to foreign countries and you will get to know the good things one possesses at home." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"A well-spent day brings happy sleep." - Leonardo da Vinci
"I just want to be rich and famous." - Ian Hart
"We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn." - Peter Drucker
"Once we got over the origin story, we could really delve deeper into their lives and characters and angst. So this movie actually has more heart, more humor." - Avi Arad
"Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it." - Josh Billings
"Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere." - Paulo Coelho
"Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination." - Immanuel Kant
"There?s no business like show business." - Berlin, Irving
"Wonder, connected with a principle of rational curiosity, is the source of all knowledge and discover, and it is a principle even of piety but wonder which ends in wonder, and is satisfied with wonder, is the quality of an idiot." - Samuel Horsley
"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it." - Mark Twain
"Don't be humble... you're not that great." - Golda Meir
"If, on occasion, the knowledge brought by science leads to an unhappy end, this is not to the discredit of science but is rather an indication of an imperfect ability to use wisely the gifts placed within our hands." - Polykarp Kusch
"It's far too much to say that effective hoping is the only - or even the biggest - part of what it takes to succeed. If 14% of business productivity can be attributed to hope, that means 86% is dependent on raw talent, fickle business cycles, the quality of the product you're selling, and often pure, dumb luck." - Jeffrey Kluger
"Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business." - Erykah Badu
"Best to live lightly, unthinkingly." - Sophocles
"Don't let life discourage you everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was." - Richard L. Evans
"I have been astonished that men could die martyrs for religion - I have shuddered at it. I shudder no more - I could be martyred for my religion - Love is my religion - I could die for that." - John Keats
"God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another." - Mike Tyson
"It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not." - Mignon McLaughlin
"Everything in life is luck." - Donald Trump
"Thank God every morning when you get up that you have something to do that day, which must be done, whether you like it or not." - James Russell Lowell
"I think that Obama is very cool. And I think he's clever, and I think he can be witty. But I don't think he's funny in either the way that Reagan was funny - or John McCain and Dick Cheney are both funny in that ruthless, kind of mean way." - Mo Rocca
"I won't give up my day job of design." - Kathy Ireland
"Hope is the pillar that holds up the world. Hope is the dream of a waking man." - Pliny the Elder
"China has been committed to the independent foreign policy of peace and has developed friendship and cooperation with all countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence." - Hu Jintao
"Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order." - John Adams
"Those years on the golf course as a caddie, boy, those people were something. They were vulgar, some were alcoholics, racist, they were very difficult people to deal with. A lot of them didn't have a sense of humor." - Martin Sheen
"Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships." - Ansel Adams
"A commitment to human rights cannot be fostered simply through the transmission of knowledge. Action and experience play a crucial role in the learning process." - Daisaku Ikeda
"If you can eat 70 percent raw or introduce raw into your diet, it will help your health." - Carol Alt
"I don't think a director should have any kids. I don't even think it's good for your physical health. Even guys in their 30s look exhausted because directors never get enough sleep. What I do is stressful enough." - Tom Berenger
"At the end of the day, my hope is that when the new Medicare- Prescription Drug Law gets up and fully running a lot more seniors will pay a whole lot less than they do today for their much-needed medications." - Dennis Hastert
"There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living." - Nelson Mandela
"If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior." - William Glasser
"If I did any movies I'd have to take a break from singing, because I'd want it to be really good." - Justin Timberlake
"The actual truth about Gad is it's one of the original 13 tribes of Israel, so you can actually trace my lineage back to, like, those guys who had, like, a hand in the Bible and have since become very famous from that. So I come from very famous lineage. Granted, they didn't have cameras back then, so none of them had TV shows." - Josh Gad
"I think Canadian humor is a little less broad than American humor." - Scott Thompson
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer." - Bruce Lee
"Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful." - Rashida Jones
"When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough." - Ayrton Senna
"Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you." - Langston Hughes
"When any government, or any church for that matter, undertakes to say to its subjects, This you may not read, this you must not see, this you are forbidden to know, the end result is tyranny and oppression no matter how holy the motives." - Robert A. Heinlein
"God... a being whose only definition is that he is beyond man's power to conceive." - Ayn Rand
"If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome." - Michael Jordan
"Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree." - Marian Wright Edelman
"Some of the greatest survivors have been women. Look at the courage so many women have shown after surviving earthquakes in the rubble for days on end." - Bear Grylls
"A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be bothered with sex and all that sort of thing." - W. Somerset Maugham
"In human history, the desire for revenge and the desire for loot have often been closely associated." - John McCarthy
"It was a joy to be a part of the team that created Round The Horne. I was involved with the show at a time of my life when I was very happy., and that happiness overflowed into the scripts." - Barry Took
"Freedom of expression - in particular, freedom of the press - guarantees popular participation in the decisions and actions of government, and popular participation is the essence of our democracy." - Corazon Aquino
"Anger and hate against one we love steels our hearts, but contempt or pity leaves us silent and ashamed." - Edgar Rice Burroghs
"When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome." - Miguel de Cervantes
"You know, Quincy Jones was a great mentor, but he was a man in a man's world. Fortunately he's a very sensitive man and a beautiful human being, and even though he was 14 or 15 years older than me, he's a capable human being and has great communication skills." - Lesley Gore
"I am learning to forgive my inner geek, and even value him as a free man." - Kenny Loggins
"Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women." - Alanis Morissette
"I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser." - Nikki Sixx
"There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with." - Woodrow Wilson
"Go to foreign countries and you will get to know the good things one possesses at home." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"I am a firm believer in marriage. In the future I will be married." - Elisabetta Canalis
"Of all the public services, education is the one I'm most interested in. You get a more dynamic economy, you deal with most social problems, and it's morally right." - George Osborne
"Love begets love. This torment is my joy." - Roethke, Theodore
"My stories are very somber, so I think I need the comic ingredient. Besides, life has so much humor." - Manuel Puig
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I went to school for engineering, I studied jazz. So I always had this kind of creative side and technical side, and I thought architecture might be the way to combine them, so I went to architecture school in New York." - Joseph Kosinski
"I'm so grateful for what Disney gave me and the experiences that I got, but at the end of the day, I can do so much more than what I did on that channel and in those movies." - Ashley Tisdale
"Let us banish fear." - Carter G. Woodson
"The death of my father is probably the biggest thing that I ever faced. Daddy and I were best friends." - Joel Osteen
"Although one may fail to find happiness in theatrical life, one never wishes to give it up after having once tasted its fruits." - Anna Pavlova
"Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority." - Thomas Huxley
"Information on how to heal autism and how to possibly delay vaccines or prevent autism shouldn't come from me. It should come from the medical establishment." - Jenny McCarthy
"Persons famous in the arts partake of the immortality of princes, and are upon a footing with them." - Francis I
"I do all of the grocery shopping in my little family. I buy cheese, of many different kinds, sliced packaged meats and poultry, bagels, immense quantities of eggs, pre-made fried chicken. Milk. Bacon. It is insane how much dairy, deli and bakery stuff I buy." - Ben Stein
"Not a single time have we gotten a right from Congress or from the President. We get them from God." - Glenn Beck
"Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage." - John Milius
"Some stories are true that never happened." - Elie Wiesel
"First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it." - Michelle Pfeiffer
"Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building." - John Osborne
"It's not like I just have to go to Washington and go to the White House everyday, and go to the same press conference at 10 in the morning and then be briefed at 4 in the afternoon, and then get a story on at 6." - Tabitha Soren
"There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride, they have yielded to the perennial temptation." - Walter Lippmann
"Our ability to find humor in the world, to make connections between previously unconnected notions, to create new ideas, to share in a common culture: All these essentially human acts depend on memory." - Joshua Foer
"When President Obama entered the White House, the economy was in a free-fall. The auto industry: on its back. The banks: frozen up. More than three million Americans had already lost their jobs. And America's bravest, our men and women in uniform, were fighting what would soon be the longest wars in our history." - Rahm Emanuel
"It is all one to me if a man comes from Sing Sing Prison or Harvard. We hire a man, not his history." - Malcolm Forbes
"Everything I have, my career, my success, my family, I owe to America." - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge." - Muhammad Iqbal
"We don't have to sacrifice a strong economy for a healthy environment." - Dennis Weaver
"Whoever does not have a good father should procure one." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"So I want my kids to go to public schools because I think it's a better education overall." - Charles Schumer
"You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, and the great charm of all power is modesty." - Louisa May Alcott
"I'm not funny. People assume that because my books are funny, I'll be funny in real life. It's the inevitable disappointment of meeting me." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"Whose leadership, whose judgment, whose values do you want in the White House when that crisis lands like a thud on the Oval Office desk?" - Rahm Emanuel
"The cultural expectation should be if there's infidelity, the marriage is more important than fidelity." - Dan Savage
"Good morning is a contradiction of terms." - Jim Davis
"I started to send my work to journals when I was 26, which was just a question of when I got the courage up. They were mostly journals I had been reading for the previous six or seven years." - Marilyn Hacker
"A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows." - Doug Larson
"The movie business is a big gamble." - Jackie Chan
"Back in 1983, the United States government approved the release of the first genetically modified organism. In this case, it was a bacteria that prevents frost on food crops." - Jeremy Rifkin
"Often as a child you see someone with a learning disability or Down's Syndrome and my mum and dad were always very quick to explain exactly what was going on and to be in their own way inclusive and welcoming." - Christopher Eccleston
"Medical liability reform is not a Republican or Democrat issue or even a doctor versus lawyer issue. It is a patient issue." - John Ensign
"For the life of me, I don't understand what honest motive there is in putting this in front of this body to philosophically debate marriage on a constitutional amendment that is not going to happen, and which is enormously divisive in all of our communities." - Dianne Feinstein
"There is no such whetstone, to sharpen a good wit and encourage a will to learning, as is praise." - Roger Ascham
"A friend of my mom's was a casting director so, really as kind of a lark, I had a couple of acting jobs that had just enough exposure to give me the option to continue if I wanted to. I followed through with it." - Ben Affleck
"Where lipstick is concerned, the important thing is not color, but to accept God's final word on where your lips end." - Jerry Seinfeld
"I'm obsessed with food!" - Sofia Vergara
"Husbands never become good they merely become proficient." - H. L. Mencken
"I'm fortunate that I've been in this business long enough that I've earned the right to be left alone by my record company." - Don Henley
"The history of art is the history of revivals." - Samuel Butler
"We don't need new taxes. We need new taxpayers, people that are gainfully employed, making money and paying into the tax system. And then we need a government that has the discipline to take that additional revenue and use it to pay down the debt and never grow it again." - Marco Rubio
"Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love." - Gabriel Byrne
"Once you're halfway home, you know that you can probably get the rest of the way there." - Janis Ian
"My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return." - Maya Angelou
"It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself." - Dale Earnhardt
"Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious." - Brendan Gill
"The best smell in the world is that man that you love." - Jennifer Aniston
"President Obama's 100-day plan is pretty impressive. I think it's a Wow 100-plus days. The administration is not operating from fear, it is trying to drive change for the future, and that's a good thing." - Andrea Jung
"It takes a great man to give sound advice tactfully, but a greater to accept it graciously." - Logan P. Smith
"Marriage brings one into fatal connection with custom and tradition, and traditions and customs are like the wind and weather, altogether incalculable." - Soren Kierkegaard
"Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet." - Robert H. Schuller
"I am totally against the idea that a Muslim woman should not have the same opportunities as a Muslim man to learn, to open up, to work, help shape the future. To close Islam down to a sexist approach is totally intolerable and ridiculous. It's not Islam." - King Hussein I
"I view art as an inspirational tool." - Thomas Kincade
"You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy." - Garth Brooks
"I marvel at the resilience of the Jewish people. Their best characteristic is their desire to remember. No other people has such an obsession with memory." - Elie Wiesel
"Money buys many things... The best of which is freedom." - Mary Renault
"Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing." - Allen Klein
"And I thought, when I have kids, that's the sort of well told, silly, and fun fairy tale that I would want to take them to. But it was an amazing experience. And I think Shrek is a real classic, a fairy tale classic." - Mike Myers
"Great countries are those that produce great people." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Faith is an aptitude of the spirit. It is, in fact, a talent: you must be born with it." - Anton Chekhov
"I have an amazing relationship with food." - Katharine McPhee
"It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music." - Tom Petty
"What is sure is that technological change is accelerating in all directions and, like children playing in a fountain, consumers are reveling in the experience." - Simon Mainwaring
"About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm." - Kurt Vonnegut
"It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age." - Margaret Mead
"In my old age, I'll be in L.A." - David Hockney
"Music and the music business are two different things." - Erykah Badu
"It's not attractive when girls get superskinny. Guys don't like it. Girls don't like you as much. You lose some happiness when that's all you think about." - Hilary Duff
"Fix reason firmly in her seat, and call to her tribunal every fact, every opinion. Question with boldness even the existence of a God because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blindfolded fear." - Thomas Jefferson
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
"That's a central part of philosophy, of ethics. What do I owe to strangers? What do I owe to my family? What is it to live a good life? Those are questions which we face as individuals." - Peter Singer
"Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to." - Alfred A. Montapert
"Money is usually attracted, not pursued." - Jim Rohn
"If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree." - Jim Rohn
"I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release." - Joaquin Phoenix
"Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul." - Saint Augustine
"It's ironic that at age 32, at probably the greatest moment of my career, with The Godfather having such an enormous success, I wasn't even aware of it, because I was somewhere else under the deadline again." - Francis Ford Coppola
"But then it hasn't really been a focus of our government to make us an educated people." - Maynard James Keenan
"Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild." - Dante Alighieri
"Medicine sometimes snatches away health, sometimes gives it." - Ovid
"If we gave up eating beef we would have roughly 20 to 30 times more land for food than we have now." - James Lovelock
"Obviously, there's the seedy side of the strip club world and pole dancing. But, pole dancing, as an art form, is really beautiful. It's been hyper-sexualized because it's associated with strippers, but if you think about it, just in terms of other kinds of dancing, they're using an instrument to create these amazing dance forms." - Megalyn Echikunwoke
"A great wind swept over the ghetto, carrying away shame, invisibility and four centuries of humiliation. But when the wind dropped people saw it had been only a little breeze, friendly, almost gentle." - Jean Genet
"I've had a little bad, bad media luck the new year. Well, apparently I'm dating Bill Clinton, which makes me nervous. I didn't know, though." - Julie Bowen
"I hope to bring much more attention to important issues and change for issues and practices that are harming animals." - Kesha
"I buy when other people are selling." - J. Paul Getty
"I think we learn the most from imperfect relationships - things like forgiveness and compassion." - Andrea Thompson
"At our best, it's a good experience but we do 22 episodes a year, so there are some clunkers." - Vincent D'Onofrio
"Finishing food is about the tiny touches. In the last seconds you can change everything." - Mario Batali
"My mom is the backbone not just of my family but of many families." - Shia LaBeouf
"Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict." - Saul Alinsky
"Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible." - Ray Bradbury
"A lot of food shows need only to tempt. Some food shows only need to inspire, to empower. And there are a lot of shows that do that." - Alton Brown
"And in that time, I lost my dad and had kids of my own. It was like, OK, I get it now. I know what fatherhood is all about. And you look at your parents differently." - Paul Reiser
"That's the way I got along in life. I don't ever remember being particularly jealous of anybody, because I figured if I can't do it myself, I don't deserve to get it." - Clyde Tombaugh
"Work is a substitute religious experience for many workaholics." - Mary Daly
"I would like to see more airplay for all artists, no matter what age. I think there's a lot of money being spent toward the young guys, but a lot of the older guys are the ones who blazed the trail for those young guys." - Willie Nelson
"The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men." - Bertrand Russell
"A friend to all is a friend to none." - Aristotle
"Seventy percent of success in life is showing up." - Woody Allen
"Experience seems to most of us to lead to conclusions, but empiricism has sworn never to draw them." - George Santayana
"I got to work with one of my heroes, Johnny Depp, and to see how he goes about business, which was really inspiring for me at this stage in my career." - Orlando Bloom
"Happiness is the sublime moment when you get out of your corsets at night." - Joyce Grenfell
"After having done this whole slew of press for 'Big Love,' now I'll have anxiety dreams for like a week and a half about all the stupid things I said. I can't even imagine being in front of the cameras all the time. I had a weird dream the other night that I was on 'Jersey Shore.'" - Chloe Sevigny
"I'm a journeyman actor, and I don't ever want to forget that. With romantic-lead dreams." - William Sanderson
"You can't be funny if you don't have good material." - Matt LeBlanc
"The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination." - Voltaire
"I was terribly shy when I was growing up, I really wasn't confident with other people and I think I was always afraid of up or not being this very cool, amazing person that I wanted to be." - Emily Mortimer
"A pregnant woman facing the most dire circumstances must be able to count on her doctor to do what is medically necessary to protect her from serious physical harm." - Barbara Mikulski
"My kid could get a bad X-ray and I could get a call from the doctor saying I have something growing in my bum and that would change my perspective on everything instantaneously, on what is and what is not important." - Tom Hanks
"I had decided I wanted to write about food, and I knew the only way to do that is to speak with authority, which meant learning the language and knowing what that experience is like." - Gail Simmons
"I don't believe in God but I'm very interested in her." - Arthur C. Clarke
"Humor is very very risky, particularly for a candidate, unless he's been in so long that it just doesn't matter, and he's not running for president. But it's just that people are so sensitive and so touchy, and you're just going to upset somebody without ever realizing it." - Mark Russell
"Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated." - Thomas Sowell
"I'm 0 for 3 with marriage - the scoreboard doesn't lie, never has. So what we all have is a marriage of the heart. To sully or contaminate or radically disrespect this union with a shameful contract is something that I will leave to the amateurs and the Bible grippers." - Charlie Sheen
"I have had national security background, 10 years on the Intelligence Committee, the last two years as chair." - Bob Graham
"I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation." - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
"I've got a really great family round me, two sisters and an older brother and my mum and dad. Everybody's equal." - Nicholas Hoult
"And of all illumination which human reason can give, none is comparable to the discovery of what we are, our nature, our obligations, what happiness we are capable of, and what are the means of attaining it." - Adam Weishaupt
"Leadership is getting someone to do what they don't want to do, to achieve what they want to achieve." - Tom Landry
"Together we will build an America where hope is a new job with a paycheck, not a faded word on an old bumper sticker." - Mitt Romney
"Art is the right hand of Nature.  The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men." - Schiller, Johann Von
"I think leadership is service and there is power in that giving: to help people, to inspire and motivate them to reach their fullest potential." - Denise Morrison
"My wife met me at the door the other night in a sexy negligee. Unfortunately, she was just coming home." - Rodney Dangerfield
"How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success." - William Ellery Channing
"The more horrifying this world becomes, the more art becomes abstract." - Ellen Key
"I believe in everything until it's disproved. So I believe in fairies, the myths, dragons. It all exists, even if it's in your mind. Who's to say that dreams and nightmares aren't as real as the here and now?" - John Lennon
"I always looked really young for my age. And once I hit 23, 24 and 25, I was then allowed to play the cool 18-year-olds and stuff." - Ben Barnes
"It is quite annoying that we have to change the sound we invented just to avoid sounding like people who simply copy us, but... it is flattering and of course challenging." - Jonathan Davis
"I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life." - Barbara Bush
"I believe in imagination. I did Kramer vs. Kramer before I had children. But the mother I would be was already inside me." - Meryl Streep
"The Ego is partly free. partly determined, and reaches fuller freedom by approaching the Individual who is most free: God." - Muhammad Iqbal
"It took me years to understand that words are often as important as experience, because words make experience last." - William Morris
"Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"You can say what you want to about a rapper in a movie, but look at what Ice Cube has done. Ice Cube has created more opportunities for other actors to get jobs in this business than some actors have." - Anthony Anderson
"If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better." - Swami Vivekananda
"My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings." - Jay London
"A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery. I focused on exercise and staying healthy in order to get back out on the ice." - Sasha Cohen
"Health economists have estimated that an injection of $250 million per year in Indigenous clinical care, and $50 million in preventative care, is required to provide services at the same level as for any other group with the health conditions of Indigenous Australians." - Malcolm Fraser
"The majority see the obstacles the few see the objectives history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former." - Alfred A. Montapert
"War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination." - Bill Moyers
"To be honest, I've always had far too much freedom. I had a job when I was 10. I started living on my own when I was 17 or 18. I've earned my own money I've traveled the world. What would I rebel against?" - Emma Watson
"We are not really privy to all that crazy stuff that goes on in the show. I go to work, eat, and talk about food. The wild things happen when we aren't around. I expected Top Chef to last three or four seasons and we are now shooting season ten." - Tom Colicchio
"It's like one of those dreams you have when someone is chasing you. You're running as fast as you can, and someone's trotting behind you, just out of range, trying to grab onto you." - Michael Chang
"I can't move back to England. My home is in France now. I'd love to but I can't. My family's all there now." - Kristin Scott Thomas
"Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language." - Ludwig Wittgenstein
"You don't have to love them. You just have to respect their rights." - Edward Koch
"The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket." - Kin Hubbard
"I'm in a comic book now. That was cool. That's something that I'm still sorta reeling about, 'cause I read comics as a kid. Someone drew me, and actually did a pretty good job!" - Rutina Wesley
"The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life - knowing that under certain conditions it is not worthwhile to live." - Aristotle
"None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm." - Henry David Thoreau
"A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind." - Daisaku Ikeda
"Many smart folks seem to think that if you just get your metaphors and messages right, you'll win. That if you start describing what you favor as a 'moral value' - 'affordable health care is a moral value' etc., - then you'll appeal to red-state voters." - Eric Liu
"From the age of fifteen, dogma has been the fundamental principle of my religion: I know no other religion I cannot enter into the idea of any other sort of religion religion, as a mere sentiment, is to me a dream and a mockery." - John Henry Newman
"One thing about being successful is that I stopped being afraid of dying. Once you're a star you're dead already. You're embalmed." - Dustin Hoffman
"As soon as I began to earn what might be called fairly large sums, I bought a car and began to explore the country around New York." - Kate Smith
"I was surrounded by strong women so it had never even occurred to me that women were anything other than equal to men." - David Bailey
"Within the U.S., the Obama presidency will be mainly measured by the success or failure of his economic policies. And here, I fear, the monstrous stimulus package with which this administration stumbled out of the gate will prove to be Obama's Waterloo." - Camille Paglia
"I also take pleasure in the so-called negative power in Grotjahn's work. That is, I love his paintings for what they are not. Unlike much art of the past decade, Grotjahn isn't simply working from a prescribed checklist of academically acceptable, curator-approved 'isms' and twists." - Jerry Saltz
"My dad was a musician, it was just what he did, like another guy's dad drives a meat truck. Our house was normal. We weren't taken with the fact our dad was a musician." - Branford Marsalis
"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity." - Calvin Coolidge
"You can heal your body with food." - Stacy Keibler
"I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life." - Jimmy Carter
"We create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts." - Gary Player
"You feel a little older in the morning. By noon I feel about 55." - Bob Dole
"I woke up one morning with this song in my head, and the opening line of the song is, 'My name was Richard Nixon, only now I'm a girl.'" - Bruce Cockburn
"If you like small government you need to work hard at having a strong national defense that is not so militant. Personal liberty is the purpose of government, to protect liberty - not to run your personal life, not to run the economy, and not to pretend that we can tell the world how they ought to live." - Ron Paul
"I think you go through a period as a teenager of being quite cool and unaffected by things." - Miranda Otto
"The essence of good government is trust." - Kathleen Sebelius
"It's long been accepted as fact that the availability of family planning services saves lives. Where women have access to these services, children and families are healthier, and society at large benefits." - Martha Plimpton
"It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations." - Doug Coupland
"To walk around with an ego is a bad thing. To have confidence in yourself is a great thing." - Fred Durst
"We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around." - Ryan White
"Wood burns because it has the proper stuff in it and a man becomes famous because he has the proper stuff in him." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"What influenced me was Tori Amos, who was unapologetic about expressing anger through music, and Sinead O'Connor. Those two in particular were really moving for me, and very inspiring, before I wrote 'Jagged Little Pill.'" - Alanis Morissette
"No, I am not a homosexual. If I were a homosexual, I would hope I would have the courage to say so. What's cruel is that you are forcing me to say I am not a homosexual. This means you are putting homosexuals down. I don't want to do that." - Ed Koch
"I came to water late. I learned to swim at the age of 20." - Liam Neeson
"What's the good of drawing in the next breath if all you do is let it out and draw in another?" - Marilyn Monroe
"I remember, when I was an up-and-coming comic, how annoyed I would be when the famous guys would show up and just take everyone's spots." - Seth Rogen
"Violent men have not been known in history to die to a man. They die up to a point." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time." - Thomas Jefferson
"Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Pablo Picasso
"Early this morning, I signed my death warrant." - Michael Collins
"You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness." - Julia Roberts
"It was a mixed blessing to have famous parents. It was tough to go to auditions and be bad, since I couldn't be anonymous." - Ben Stiller
"Curiosity is one of the great secrets of happiness." - Bryant H. McGill
"What power can poverty have over a home where loving hearts are beating with a consciousness of untold riches of the head and heart?" - Orison Swett Marden
"Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together." - Alvar Aalto
"What I have experienced over time is that environmental problems are easier to deal with in ways that don't go into their interconnections to the rest of what we are." - Barry Commoner
"Prejudices are so to speak the mechanical instincts of men: through their prejudices they do without any effort many things they would find too difficult to think through to the point of resolving to do them." - Georg C. Lichtenberg
"Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family." - Kofi Annan
"FOR a long time the conviction has been dimly felt in the community that, without prejudice to existing institutions, the legal day of weekly rest might be employed to advantage for purposes affecting the general good." - Felix Adler
"The Cut' is going to give someone the opportunity of a lifetime and help that person achieve his or her dreams.;Tommy Hilfiger;dreams
15527;I came at age in the '60s, and initially my hopes and dreams were invested in politics and the movements of the time - the anti-war movement, the civil rights movement. I worked on Bobby Kennedy's campaign for president as a teenager in California and the night he was killed.;David Talbot;dreams
15528;Happiness is making your dreams come true.;Jourdan Dunn;dreams
15529;I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.;Joseph Heller;dreams
15530;I am a child of Hollywood and dreams. To me, to be on the red carpet is the best place in the world.;Steven Cojocaru;dreams
15531;The old studios that mass-produced dreams are gone with the wind, just like the old downtown theaters that were the temples of the dreams.;Suzanne Fields;dreams
15532;This city can be kind of brutal, so you see your dreams from every different angle, but ultimately it's about acting and if you enjoy acting, you will always enjoy acting.;Radha Mitchell;dreams
15533;In my lifetime, I've discovered a great many incredibly talented individuals. Some have achieved stardom. Simultaneously, I've seen many dreams shattered, egos destroyed and lives changed forever. The end destination may well be fame and fortune, but the road to stardom is littered with broken hearts.;Nigel Lythgoe;dreams
15534;Youth is in a grand flush, like the hot days of ending summer and pleasant dreams thrall your spirit, like the smoky atmosphere that bathes the landscape of an August day.;Donald G. Mitchell;dreams
15535;Dreams are, by definition, cursed with short life spans.;Candice Bergen;dreams
15536;If you want to achieve your dreams, you must follow them, and the best way to follow them is not to think about wanting to be very rich, but to think about doing something that you really want to do.;Jackie Collins;dreams
15537;My dreams were at once more fantastic and agreeable than my writings.;Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley;dreams
15538;In Dreams... well, I was slightly overcompensating with that. I was a bit like a director for hire, so maybe I was putting too much imagery that was familiar to me into it.;Neil Jordan;dreams
15539;An Academy Award nomination is stuff dreams are made of.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;dreams
15540;Don't give up your dreams.;Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy;dreams
15541;We grew up founding our dreams on the infinite promise of American advertising. I still believe that one can learn to play the piano by mail and that mud will give you a perfect complexion.;Zelda Fitzgerald;dreams
15542;I never had any big dreams about doing something on a huge scale.;Alison Krauss;dreams
15543;When I first left Iran at the age of 13, Iran had become such a shining star - it was the point to which all my desires and dreams returned.;Azar Nafisi;dreams
15544;When I won in 2003, never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I would win Wimbledon and have my kids seeing me lift the trophy, so this is pretty surreal. And yeah, I was almost shocked in the moment that it all came together so nicely.;Roger Federer;dreams
15545;Dream study impacts culture. We are put in touch with the inner poet who dreams. We hear our inner, subjective response to the outer world. That helps spiritualize our lives.;Henry Reed;dreams
15546;Freud published The Interpretation of Dreams in 1900. It introduced the notion that there existed certain predictable and identifiable processes by which dreams were formed.;Henry Reed;dreams
15547;It is easier to learn to interpret dreams if you have a reason to use them for something constructive. You apply your dream insights to making constructive changes in your life.;Henry Reed;dreams
15548;People are learning to feel more comfortable hearing one another's dreams. It used to be that if you told a dream in public, someone had to make a joke to relieve the tension introduced by that alternative reality.;Henry Reed;dreams
15549;People don't think their dreams amount to much, but when I ask them to examine them for common themes, they surprise themselves at how accurate they are! They see that their dreams have value.;Henry Reed;dreams
15550;The usual comment from psychologists and psychiatrists was that it's best not to encourage people to look at their dreams because they are liable to stir up problems for themselves.;Henry Reed;dreams
15551;Not only the priceless heritage of our fathers, of our seamen, of our Empire builders is being thrown away in a war that serves no British interests - but our alliance leader Stalin dreams of nothing but the destruction of that heritage of our fathers?;John Amery;dreams
15552;That's what noir feels like to me. It feels like some kind of recurring dream, with very strong archetypes operating. You know, the guilty girl being pursued, falling, all kinds of stuff that we see in our dreams all the time.;Brian De Palma;dreams
15553;I always wanted to be a Californian. In my wildest dreams, I always liked California - it's the place where oranges grows on trees! Fruit just falls off the trees.;Eric Burdon;dreams
15554;You can't censor people's dreams.;Robyn Hitchcock;dreams
15555;I thin many people's deviant behavior starts with dreams because dreams are so non-linear... as if there's an assumption that everything has to be linear or has to be plotted.;Robyn Hitchcock;dreams
15556;Dreams are a scientific fact.;Robyn Hitchcock;dreams
15557;It is an everlasting desire to make my dreams come true. And it's getting to the point now where it's like, come on I want my dreams to come true so that I can get on with the rest of my life. Sometimes I think about the rest of my life when I'm done.;Picabo Street;dreams
15558;One of my dreams in life is to do fund-raising for the youth.;Picabo Street;dreams
15559;Anderson Cooper every night dreams about getting my job permanently really.;Regis Philbin;dreams
15560;So, I think that Marilyn, what she gave the world, and in many ways Kennedy too, was that they had dreams and they didn't allow anybody to take away their dreams.;Sally Kirkland;dreams
15561;It's weird to say, but every time I look at my daughter and I see this little living breathing thing that came from me, that represents all of the hopes and dreams that I would want for her, I see a miracle.;Josh Gad;dreams
15562;My dreams are of water. And my nightmares.;Siouxsie Sioux;dreams
15563;You have to work hard for what you want to achieve and you have to set goals and dreams and really go for them.;Natalie du Toit;dreams
15564;I'm thinking of slowing down on modeling and branching out to other things. I want to pursue some new and old dreams and start making them happen.;Chanel Iman;dreams
15565;You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.;Octavia Spencer;dreams
15566;I was always a closet lover of acting. My mom was very practical. She never, ever restricted our dreams, always told us we could do or be anything. Then I said, 'Maybe I want to be an actor'. And she said, 'Maybe not that'.;Octavia Spencer;dreams
15567;My career was full of struggles and dreams, disappointments and peaks and valleys. But there was no Twitter, no Facebook or TMZ. Young actors could make mistakes and not become the focus of tabloids.;Ricky Schroder;dreams
15568;It is great good health to believe, as the Hindus do, that there are 33 million gods and goddesses in the world. It is great good health to want to understand one's dreams. It is great good health to desire the ambiguous and paradoxical.;Clive Barker;dreams
15569;In opposition to this detachment, he finds an image of man which contains within itself man's dreams, man's illness, man's redemption from the misery of poverty - poverty which can no longer be for him a sign of the acceptance of life.;Salvatore Quasimodo;dreams
15570;Don't let your dreams be dreams.;Jack Johnson;dreams
15571;It was taunted as reality. It was dangled as a carrot. In terms of people's hopes and dreams, to say that that is less of a reality than the daily grind they find themselves in is maybe not correct.;Martin Mull;dreams
15572;Screenplays I didn't really care about, journalism, travel books, getting my writer friends to write about their dreams or something. I just determined to write the books I had to write.;Kazuo Ishiguro;dreams
15573;I enjoy making solo albums because over the years it's evolved into more of a genuine personal expression of story-telling and day dreams, and I work in a way that has more control.;Bruce Dickinson;dreams
15574;We can escape the commonplace only by manipulating it, controlling it, thrusting it into our dreams or surrendering it to the free play of our subjectivity.;Raoul Vaneigem;dreams
15575;Ever since we were little, we were so on fire for our dreams. We never let anyone blow our flames out.;Kelly Rowland;dreams
15576;I am not ridiculing verbal mechanisms, dreams, or repressions as origins of poetry all three of them and more besides may have a great deal to do with it.;Allen Tate;dreams
15577;I love to work with the younger kids who are trying to live out their dreams, if in fact that's what they plan on doing after college to take the next step. A very select few have that opportunity so when you do have the opportunity you know, those guys take advantage of it.;Roger Clemens;dreams
15578;College baseball, I love it. I love to work with the younger kids who are trying to live out their dreams, if in fact that's what they plan on doing after college to take the next step.;Roger Clemens;dreams
15579;My childhood dreams were focused on being part of the effort to make humanity a multiplanetary species.;Peter Diamandis;dreams
15580;We control the content of our dreams.;Thom Gunn;dreams
15581;I can have my goals, and I can have my dreams. My goal is to make the finals and improve my position. I want to run all decent races. I don't want to look back and say I ran a terrible race.;Oscar Pistorius;dreams
15582;We in the majority have worked hard to empower people to create opportunities, to make jobs, to do things that turn America into a place where people can achieve their dreams.;Robin Hayes;dreams
15583;My hero's, my dreams, and my future lie in Yankee Stadium and they can't take that from me.;Derek Jeter;dreams
15584;Field of Dreams is the only movie - and I saw it in the theater - on an afternoon when I was on location somewhere, and there were like 12 people in the theater. I was just so devastated I couldn't get out of my seat. And I sat and watched it a second time.;Paul Reiser;dreams
15585;Maybe the body learns from dreams. Maybe the muscles, the neutrons, revitalize.;Michael Zaslow;dreams
15586;Here's what I see all across this great city - people working together to make Boston a better place to live and to raise children, to grow and pursue dreams.;Thomas Menino;dreams
15587;Men act out like they're horrified by marriage, but when they find the woman of their dreams, they love it.;Rachel Hunter;dreams
15588;The hoary joke in the literary world, based on 'Dreams From My Father,' was that if things had worked out differently for Barack Obama, he could have made it as a writer.;James Fallows;dreams
15589;Well, my thoughts about California are kind of mythological. To me, as well as being a real place, it's a place where people go to find something - to find happiness or to realize their dreams. So it has that kind of quality of heroism and heartache, and Australia has that, as well.;Colin Hay;dreams
15590;America is not just a democracy, it represents a certain culture of competitive mobility and personality aspirations, politics is not merely a clash of interests, but a clash of dreams.;David Brooks;dreams
15591;I knew I wanted to do something creative. I didn't think I'd have the luxury of doing something like that, because I didn't know anyone who had pursued anything they really adored, but I had dreams for singing or writing.;Lana Del Rey;dreams
15592;I still marvel at how God turns dreams into reality.;Martha Reeves;dreams
15593;I worshipped Berry Gordy for the creative dreams he had made come true.;Martha Reeves;dreams
15594;So we see Edward as a young man on the road and he meets a giant and he brings the giant to a circus where he meets a Miss Calloway. He sees the woman of his dreams and I am the only one who knows who she is.;Danny DeVito;dreams
15595;Never let your dreams go away.;Mike Piazza;dreams
15596;Politics are beautiful. They enable a community to live collectively with one another. It's not about stabbing each other in the back it's about enabling people to reach their dreams and pursue happiness.;Ben Nicholson;dreams
15597;I've got heaps of dreams.;Abbie Cornish;dreams
15598;And they were writing scripts where Christine had hit the glass ceiling. And I always thought Christine would never hit the glass ceiling. I thought her dreams would take her. Maybe her dreams wouldn't take her where she wanted, but she still had her dreams.;Sharon Gless;dreams
15599;Dreams say what they mean, but they don't say it in daytime language.;Gail Godwin;dreams
15600;You've got to have dreams to keep you going.;Steve Waugh;dreams
15601;I'm very ambitious. I live in reality but I have dreams I want to fulfill - I want to be a director, and I've already started my own production company. But I also have a measure of success that I keep to myself. It's something very personal to me.;Alex Pettyfer;dreams
15602;When I was a kid, I have two dreams. I want to be a baseball player. Hometown, Hiroshima, has a Japanese baseball franchise team called Hiroshima Carps. You know, and then I want to be a sushi chef. I want to make own restaurant - sushi restaurant.;Masaharu Morimoto;dreams
15603;People with disabilities have abilities too and that is what this course is all about - making sure those abilities blossom and shine so that all the dreams you have can come true.;Mary McAleese;dreams
15604;If our dreams were more regular, more connected, more stable, they would also have more practical importance for us.;Ernst Mach;dreams
15605;When I grew up, I only had two dreams. One was to be a cowboy and another was to be in the military. I grew up extremely patriotic and riding horses.;Chris Kyle;dreams
15606;Humanity needs dreams to be able to survive the miseries of daily existence, even if only for an instant.;Oscar Niemeyer;dreams
15607;One of the things I've started doing lately is tracking my dreams. I feel like there's a lot of information there and you can really bring those emotions to the situations that may feel mundane or familiar. That gives them new life and gives you a new relationship with it - if that makes any sort of sense.;Jennifer Carpenter;dreams
15608;I wanted to raise the voice of a lot of the people that I knew growing up, and this was, for the most part, poor people who had extraordinary dreams but also very amazing obstacles.;Edwidge Danticat;dreams
15609;My mother dreamed dreams for Joaquin and for me long before we could dream them for ourselves.;Julian Castro;dreams
15610;I have actual dreams of Bruce Springsteen calling me up on stage to wear a bandanna and play rhythm guitar next to Little Steven.;Tom Perrotta;dreams
15611;Sexual dreams aren't usually about sex.;Pamela Stephenson;dreams
15612;He's dreaming with his eyes open, and those that dream with their eyes open are dangerous, for they do not know when their dreams come to an end.;Hugo Pratt;dreams
15613;We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.;David Amram;dreams
15614;Dream lofty dreams, and as you dream, so you shall become. Your vision is the promise of what you shall one day be your ideal is the prophecy of what you shall at last unveil.;James Lane Allen;dreams
15615;Thanking you once more, I want to wish you the best of luck for your future life and to conclude by saying to you: Dream your dreams and may they come true!;Felix Bloch;dreams
15616;'Dreams From My Father' reveals more about Obama than is usually known about political leaders until after they're dead. Perhaps more than it intends, it shows his mind working, in real time, sentence by sentence, in what feels like a private audience with the reader.;Jonathan Raban;dreams
15617;The only book by a modern president that bears serious comparison with Obama's 'Dreams From My Father' is Jimmy Carter's short campaign autobiography, 'Why Not the Best?,' published in 1975.;Jonathan Raban;dreams
15618;When you stop having dreams and ideals - well, you might as well stop altogether.;Marian Anderson;dreams
15619;Here Fashion is a despot, and no one dreams of evading its dictates.;Marguerite Gardiner;dreams
15620;If you were to ask my agent, they would confirm this: I'm drawn to locations. What really drew me to 'The 4400,' aside from the fact that it was sci-fi, was the fact that it was shot in the city of my dreams: Vancouver.;Billy Campbell;dreams
15621;There has been enough suffering in our country, there has been enough of children whose dreams die before they have a chance to grow and there has been enough of our elders who, having served their nation, are forced into indignity in their old age.;John Agyekum Kufuor;dreams
15622;Just really, really believe in what you're trying to do. Don't let people alter that. Let people advise you and lead you down paths to make smart business decisions. But trust your instinct and trust that overwhelming drive that made you put all your dreams and everything on the line.;Luke Bryan;dreams
15623;Let your dreams outgrow the shoes of your expectations.;Ryunosuke Satoro;dreams
15624;I was working at the store on the Sony studios in Culver City. And I was literally holding a shirt when they came in and told me I'd got the part! It just shows dreams do come true.;Derek Luke;dreams
15625;Then I was working in a store in Newark, New Jersey, and I saw an actor in person, and I got so excited. My whole day changed. That's when I decided to challenge myself to make my dreams become a reality.;Derek Luke;dreams
15626;I want to still be singing at 70 years old. I want to be open to the dreams I haven't even dreamed up.;Fantasia Barrino;dreams
15627;I would love to spend all my time writing to you I'd love to share with you all that goes through my mind, all that weighs on my heart, all that gives air to my soul phantoms of art, dreams that would be so beautiful if they could come true.;Luigi Pirandello;dreams
15628;Don't think your dreams don't come true, because they do. You'd better be careful what you wish for. And I truly and honestly - one day I am doing the 'Beaver' show and I said, 'This is the show I have always wanted to do." - Barbara Billingsley
"The American people I talk to don't spend every moment thinking, 'How can I tax my neighbor more than they're being taxed?' They say, 'How can I get a good job? How can my kids get good jobs? How can seniors have a confidence in their future when they know that Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid are bankrupt?'" - Mitt Romney
"For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end." - Catherine Zeta-Jones
"If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us." - Stendhal
"I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we've struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We've made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions." - Barack Obama
"All men are equal before fish." - Herbert Hoover
"How does one know if she has forgiven? You tend to feel sorrow over the circumstance instead of rage, you tend to feel sorry for the person rather than angry with him. You tend to have nothing left to say about it all." - Clarissa Pinkola Estes
"You cannot achieve environmental security and human development without addressing the basic issues of health and nutrition." - Gro Harlem Brundtland
"Everyone has a different beauty and different qualities and I think that women need to learn to love their qualities and be comfortable in the fact that everyone is different." - Miranda Kerr
"An athlete cannot run with money in his pockets. He must run with hope in his heart and dreams in his head." - Emil Zatopek
"She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth." - Christina Rossetti
"It's cool for me because I'm a director, but I'm also a teacher. I'm a lover of cinema, and I love working with people who are hungry and have the energy to really do better work." - John Singleton
"Medical decisions have been politicized. What doctor wants a state legislator in his consulting room?" - Garry Trudeau
"A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running." - Groucho Marx
"If you have a dream, just lie about it. Lie your way unto your dreams." - Joel McHale
"Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them." - Abraham Lincoln
"Failure too is a form of death." - Graham Greene
"Courage is the fear of being thought a coward." - Horace Smith
"I have a great family by the way, but you need to find people who can pull something out from you that might be otherwise unseen." - Kristen Stewart
"Beauty is not caused. It is. " - Dickinson, Emily
"Acting is all about big hair and funny props... All the great actors knew it. Olivier knew it, Brando knew it." - Harold Ramis
"The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf." - Bertrand Russell
"If we think we have ours and don't owe any time or money or effort to help those left behind, then we are a part of the problem rather than the solution to the fraying social fabric that threatens all Americans." - Marian Wright Edelman
"A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical." - Conrad Black
"I like to find the beauty in the ugly. When I'm in a thrift store, I gravitate toward pieces I know I'll wear a ton, and insane pieces that I'm sure most people would consider gross. But I find them inspiring. Our van is currently stocked with some of my random findings from this tour. Maybe I'll call my aesthetic 'van fashion.'" - Victoria Legrand
"Happiness in the present is only shattered by comparison with the past." - Douglas Horton
"There is a role and function for beauty in our time." - Tadao Ando
"When they call the slightest spending reductions 'painful', we will say 'If government spending prevents pain, why are we suffering so much of it?' And 'If you want to experience real pain, just stay on the track we are on.'" - Mitch Daniels
"Education is the investment our generation makes in the future." - Mitt Romney
"There is humor in the specter of the worst disaster in our nation's history. All I have to do is sweep away the debris of shock to find it." - Will Durst
"My dad's one of my biggest heroes. I also think Paul Newman's an inspiration. I know a lot of people say that, but I love that he's a great role model and a humanitarian. I admire people who don't necessarily want to change the world, but try to make it a better environment." - Alex Pettyfer
"Polite and velvety leaders, who take care to avoid bruising others, are generally not as effective at forcing change." - Walter Isaacson
"All love is lost but upon God alone." - William Dunbar
"The first crocodile I ever caught was at nine years of age, and it was a rescue." - Steve Irwin
"In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom." - J. G. Ballard
"Love is moral even without legal marriage, but marriage is immoral without love." - Ellen Key
"I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance." - Ruben Blades
"So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system." - Milton Friedman
"The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds." - Will Durant
"Vigorous enforcement of copyrights themselves is an important part of the picture. But I don't think that expanding the legal definition of copyright outside of actual copyright infringement is the right move." - Edward Felten
"I have a really, really, really normal family. And by normal I mean we're all nuts on some level. I think you've gotta be a little nuts to pursue any kind of creative job. I was also a really good kid. I know that sounds really dull, but I didn't rebel in the traditional sense." - Anna Paquin
"Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft." - Winston Churchill
"If, on occasion, the knowledge brought by science leads to an unhappy end, this is not to the discredit of science but is rather an indication of an imperfect ability to use wisely the gifts placed within our hands." - Polykarp Kusch
"Marriage is hard work, period." - Kyle Chandler
"Limits, like fear, is often an illusion." - Michael Jordan
"There's a lot of great movies that have won the Academy Award, and a lot of great movies that haven't. You just do the best you can." - Clint Eastwood
"If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." - Henry David Thoreau
"Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself." - Suzanne Somers
"And to me, fame is not a positive thing. The idea of being famous is a lot better than the reality. It's fantastic when you go to premieres and people cheer you, but it's not real. And it's totally not my approach to get my name on a club door just because I can." - Tom Felton
"My dad always told me that anyone's voice is just another instrument added to the music." - T-Pain
"The funniest racism is the racism between minorities. It's something you don't see dramatized, but almost every minority I know who's my age, they have these funny stories about their parents stereotyping other minorities." - Mindy Kaling
"I am so excited to let fans in on how important my relationship with my family is to me. I hope to motivate mothers and daughters to build lifetimes of memories together and inspire kids around the world to live their dreams." - Miley Cyrus
"Coming to terms with the fear of death is conducive to healing, positive personality transformation, and consciousness evolution." - Stanislav Grof
"Leaders must invoke an alchemy of great vision." - Henry A. Kissinger
"Death ends a life, not a relationship." - Jack Lemon
"Nothing is more capable of troubling our reason, and consuming our health, than secret notions of jealousy in solitude." - Aphra Behn
"There is no such thing as a good tax." - Winston Churchill
"The sentiments in Hawaii about Washington's failure of leadership are no different than the rest of the country." - Ed Case
"There was nothing more important I could do than be supportive as a dad." - Arne Duncan
"The man of genius is he and he alone who finds such joy in his art that he will work at it come hell or high water." - Stendhal
"If one must fight or create, it is necessary that this be preceded by the broadest possible knowledge." - Karel Capek
"Fantasy love is much better than reality love. Never doing it is very exciting. The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet." - Warhol, Andy
"Film and television are just different. Film is cool because it's a complete package. You know the beginning, middle, and end. You can plan it out more, which I like. But with television you get a new script every week, so it's constantly a mystery as to what you're going to be doing." - Austin Butler
"If you're not staying on top of your money, you are putting your financial well-being at risk." - Suze Orman
"I support legal immigration." - Heather Wilson
"Is there anything science should not try to explain? Science is knowledge and knowledge is power - power to do good or evil. Sometimes ignorance is bliss." - Paul Davies
"I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear." - Oprah Winfrey
"Sports nurtures dreams of achieving self confidence and masculine striving for the skinny kid watching a boxer dance around the ring with sublime ease." - Armstrong Williams
"Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love." - H. L. Mencken
"The four stages of man are: Infancy, Childhood, Adolescence and obsolescence." - Linkletter, Art
"In the inner city, there's a mentality that the government owes you something. My breakthrough came when I stopped feeling sorry for myself and took responsibility for every part of my life. No more pity parties. I've gotta love me more than anybody else loves me." - Mary J. Blige
"Life is tough, but it's tougher when you're stupid." - John Wayne
"I know what it feels like to have the door slammed firmly in my face, so I'm cool with that." - Mos Def
"Fear created the first gods in the world." - Caecilius Statius
"The audiences are there as a result of my history with the band but also as a result of my being able to reach people with a tune." - Bruce Springsteen
"Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours." - Ronald Reagan
"My principal motivation is supporting my family, which is not a bad reason for getting up in the morning. That's always been my motivation - to take care of the people who rely on me." - Tony Parsons
"When I was really little I would sit in the back of my dad's car when he'd be playing old-school music. He'd turn down the music and turn around and I'd be singing and know all of the words but I didn't even know how to talk. From then on I've always wanted to be a singer." - Leona Lewis
"The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great." - Voltaire
"Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." - Alexander Pope
"I wanted to make sure that the man who found the genie would not take terrible advantage of her, so he needed to be a person of integrity and honor - which is why I made the male lead an astronaut. The rest, as they say, is history." - Sidney Sheldon
"Eventually, it is found out but it takes time especially in the conditions when communication is difficult, when the enemy is making it extremely awkward for information to come out, to go." - Joe Slovo
"Christmas is the time when kids tell Santa what they want and adults pay for it. Deficits are when adults tell government what they want and their kids pay for it." - Richard Lamm
"For those that are working part time, in small businesses, or who are unemployed and do not currently have health insurance, we want to make sure that you are covered." - Valerie Jarrett
"Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught." - Oscar Wilde
"In England, literary pretence is more universal than elsewhere from our method of education." - James Payn
"There is a real danger that computers will develop intelligence and take over. We urgently need to develop direct connections to the brain so that computers can add to human intelligence rather than be in opposition." - Stephen Hawking
"In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power." - Elizabeth Wurtzel
"A majority, perhaps as many as 75 percent, of abortion clinics are in areas with high minority populations. Abortion apologists will say this is because they want to serve the poor. You don't serve the poor, however, by taking their money to terminate their children." - Alveda King
"I loved to read, and I think any child who loves to read will read anything, including the back of the cereal box, which I did every morning." - Judy Blume
"Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law." - Boethius
"Child-rearing is my main interest now. I'm a hands-on father." - Sean Penn
"There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge." - Bertrand Russell
"Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven." - Kevyn Aucoin
"A father and two sons run Adelphia. It's a cable company. And they took from that company a billion dollars. A billion. Three people - three people took a billion dollars. What were they gonna do, start their own space program? 'Let's send the monkey to Mars, Dad!'" - Lewis Black
"Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good." - H. L. Mencken
"For me, if I can design beautiful things that have the price be lower, I am thrilled." - Tory Burch
"Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime." - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
"There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor." - H. L. Mencken
"I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them." - Frank Sinatra
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts." - Abraham Lincoln
"When a man opens a car door for his wife, it's either a new car or a new wife." - Prince Philip
"I think these movies are as much for people of that time as for people who weren't born. For people who weren't born, they see how leaders must act under a crisis situation, not trying to be re-elected or not trying to check polls, that they go from their gut check." - Kevin Costner
"A poet ought not to pick nature's pocket. Let him borrow, and so borrow as to repay by the very act of borrowing. Examine nature accurately, but write from recollection, and trust more to the imagination than the memory." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it." - Leo Tolstoy
"That happens every time I get behind a guitar, regardless of what I'm saying, 'cause music is freedom and being free is the closest I've ever felt to being spiritual." - Ben Harper
"For there is no defense for a man who, in the excess of his wealth, has kicked the great altar of Justice out of sight." - Aeschylus
"The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist." - David Hockney
"To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan you should wear it inside, where it functions best." - Margaret Thatcher
"There could be no honor in a sure success, but much might be wrested from a sure defeat." - Ann Landers
"I once said to my father, when I was a boy, 'Dad we need a third political party.' He said to me, 'I'll settle for a second.'" - Ralph Nader
"All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome." - George Orwell
"Yeah, I read history. But it doesn't make you nice. Hitler read history, too." - Joan Rivers
"I want to help children in Serbia and around the world so they can realize their dreams." - Novak Djokovic
"I've always said money may buy you a fine dog, but only love can make it wag its tail." - Kinky Friedman
"Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Sometimes history takes things into its own hands." - Thurgood Marshall
"I want to let my friend Buster know that I would like to have dinner with him tonight. Does Buster work at home? Then how likely is he to have his cell phone on? Is he one of those people who only turns on his cell when he's in his car? I hate that." - Susan Orlean
"Protecting the institution of marriage safeguards, I believe, the American family." - John Boehner
"Courage, not compromise, brings the smile of God's approval." - Thomas S. Monson
"I try to speak in everyday language. I feel like God has gifted me to take Bible principles and make them practical." - Joel Osteen
"Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it." - George Halas
"The bullied straight kid goes home to a shoulder to cry on and support and can talk freely about his experience at school and why he's being bullied. I couldn't go home and open up to my parents." - Dan Savage
"I'm a massive fan of Drake, and we walked right past him. He's too cool to be clapping One Direction though." - Zayn Malik
"Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope." - Bill Cosby
"I thought to be feminine was to give in to straight culture, or the beauty standard, but in my heart I had a flair for fashion and style. They were passions I kept secret because I didn't understand I could love clothes and hair and makeup and still like girls." - Beth Ditto
"Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of." - Ambrose Bierce
"We've taken on the major health problems of the poorest - tuberculosis, maternal mortality, AIDS, malaria - in four countries. We've scored some victories in the sense that we've cured or treated thousands and changed the discourse about what is possible." - Paul Farmer
"Most men, after a little freedom, have preferred authority with the consoling assurances and the economy of effort it brings." - Walter Lippmann
"I work constantly but I work at a lot of different things. You know, I run a theater company in New York, I direct plays, act in plays, in movies, so I try to keep it eclectic." - Philip Seymour Hoffman
"Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change." - Confucius
"Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also." - Theodor Adorno
"If you have a student who graduates from college and they don't have a job, they are now able to stay on their family health plan." - Jacob Lew
"I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education." - Wilson Mizner
"It is the heart which perceives God and not the reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not by the reason." - Blaise Pascal
"When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end." - Eamon de Valera
"I know who my dad is, I've met him a few times, but I don't even call him dad. I know it sounds horrible, but I don't even see him as part of my family, to be honest. If you want the truth, it doesn't bother me because I don't know any different. I just know that me and my mum, that was my family." - Sally Pearson
"Every great and deep difficulty bears in itself its own solution. It forces us to change our thinking in order to find it." - Niels Bohr
"A woman in love can't be reasonable - or she probably wouldn't be in love." - Mae West
"To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man." - Euripides
"Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home." - Timbaland
"I am happy as happiness goes, for a woman who has so many memories and who lives the lonely life of an actress." - Lillie Langtry
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." - George Washington Carver
"Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks." - Edward Koch
"There can be hope only for a society which acts as one big family, not as many separate ones." - Anwar Sadat
"The private interest of the individual would not be sufficiently provided for by reasonable and cool self-love alone therefore the appetites and passions are placed within as a guard and further security, without which it would not be taken due care of." - Joseph Butler
"It's important to fall in love with someone you don't want to change." - Jessica Simpson
"Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art." - Thomas Hardy
"If at first you don't succeed, blame it on the teach" - Bass, Stacey
"I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful." - Big Boi
"More than ever before, there is a global understanding that long-term social, economic, and environmental development would be impossible without healthy families, communities, and countries." - Gro Harlem Brundtland
"Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.;Zachary Levi;cool
11125;Films are really cool because, every couple months, or however many times you can get a job because there's a lot of luck involved in that, you're playing a different character.;Zachary Levi;cool
11126;I met Drew Barrymore in New York and she said she liked the band. That was really cool. I grew up on her.;Meg White;cool
11127;It's cool to meet your idols. It's a good opportunity to travel. Those kinds of things are good.;Meg White;cool
11128;Country's hip it's cool music.;Ricky Skaggs;cool
11129;I have snakes, three sharks, moray eels, piranhas, five scorpions and a bird spider. All of them are predators. They are dangerous but it's cool to have strong and powerful pets.;Tracy Morgan;cool
11130;So when I got to be about 13 or 14, I started listening - even though my parents music was way cool - to contemporary hard rock at that time, which was Aerosmith, Cheap Trick, Black Sabbath, AC/DC, Ted Nugent and all that, and that's just where I came from.;Slash;cool
11131;I even knew some of the dialogue but it was definitely cool to look at. We always argue that the movies should be loyal but in this case I could argue that it might have been too loyal.;Todd McFarlane;cool
11132;I'm a guy who likes to watch something cool, creepy and suspenseful and there is no show to watch as an adult that would scare me at for even four seconds.;Todd McFarlane;cool
11133;Our mission for younger people is to do our best to make exercise cool, hip - the thing to do.;Bruce Jenner;cool
11134;I think when you're winning, your uniforms are cool.;Shaun Alexander;cool
11135;I really, really love Hilary Clinton. I think she's very cool. She's out there and she's involved.;Sandra Bernhard;cool
11136;It's cool when your husband starts to sing some old Merle Haggard song and I can pop in with a harmony and it doesn't sound too bad.;Trisha Yearwood;cool
11137;Doing charity work is always cool. It's always a good thing.;Lee DeWyze;cool
11138;I definitely wasn't cool in high school. I really wasn't. I did belong to many of the clubs and was in leadership on yearbook and did the musical theater route, so I had friends in all areas. But I certainly did not know what to wear, did not know how to do my hair, all those things.;Dianna Agron;cool
11139;In New York City, you can walk down the street and see a girl in a trench who looks equally as cool as a girl wearing Lululemon. It's like you're watching models. You see a little of everything right by you.;Hoda Kotb;cool
11140;The sexiest thing about style is if you kind of just take your personality and put it in what you wear. That's what I think is cool.;Jessica Szohr;cool
11141;Fame and stuff like that is all very cool, but at the end of the day, we're all human beings. Although what I do is incredibly surreal and fun and amazing and I'm really grateful for it, I don't believe my own press release, do you know what I mean?;Tom Hardy;cool
11142;I'm not a guy who curses very much in my personal life. When I curse it sounds like a kid trying to be cool. But I think there are quite a few people, my father being one of them, who use curse words rather eloquently.;Justin Halpern;cool
11143;The cool thing about being a songwriter, or a writer, I guess, in general, you can take on a lot of different things, experience a lot of different things, just by writing about them.;Amos Lee;cool
11144;Melanie Fiona is a singer, a songwriter, she's a super-girl. I can be silly, goofy, really chilled. She's like your cool chill girlfriend, sister-friend. I'm just like everybody else.;Melanie Fiona;cool
11145;I don't need to hang out in a posse and try to act cool.;Jeremy London;cool
11146;THE GODS was my first professional band and I learned a lot during that time. It was very cool playing with so many great musicians as it helped me to learn.;Ken Hensley;cool
11147;But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me.;Shannyn Sossamon;cool
11148;Never judge someone by who he's in love with judge him by his friends. People fall in love with the most appalling people. Take a cool, appraising glance at his pals.;Cynthia Heimel;cool
11149;And I now think that Stratocasters and Telecasters are way cool.;John Fogerty;cool
11150;There's a power in women being women. There's a role for men, but we don't have to be men, because we're women. I think that representing that on television is a cool thing.;Jenna Elfman;cool
11151;If you're a kid who's not necessarily attractive, and you don't have money, and you're not hip and cool, chances are you're not going to feel good about yourself and want to be an actor.;Jim McKay;cool
11152;Like I said about Freaked, people tend to find these films, and I think that in the end the cool thing about a movie is that it can be sort of burnt temporarily, but then it's burnt into the fabric of your culture.;Alex Winter;cool
11153;The second we see somebody on the street or meet someone, we make snap judgments about them, about who they are and why we wouldn't necessarily sit with them or why we would or what's cool or not cool.;Max Cannon;cool
11154;Labels don't mean anything to me. I'm trying to play as passionately as I'm able to. If they want to call that cool, that's fine. Just spell the name right, is the formula.;Lee Konitz;cool
11155;I'm pretty content with what I have, but the one thing that I don't have is something like the iPod - but PC-based. I think that would be cool.;Oren Peli;cool
11156;You get to bring your own sound system when you play an arena, all the lights and visual stuff, which I think is really cool. There's something about those old arenas, where it feels larger than life.;Dan Auerbach;cool
11157;All the bands get along really well. That's one of the biggest things on a tour. It's great to get all these cool bands together, but if they don't get along it sucks.;Brandon Thomas;cool
11158;The frustrating part of it is that you're generally known for what you did last. I've had the privilege of doing some very cool independent films that, a lot of the time, the general public doesn't see unless you're at a film festival or you're into that kind of movie.;Hayden Panettiere;cool
11159;For too long, our country's version of an energy policy has consisted of Americans waking up every day and wondering how much it will cost to drive to work, how much it will cost to keep their business running, how much it will cost to heat or cool their homes.;Bob Beauprez;cool
11160;David Lynch and I almost made a movie together in the late '80s. We had lots of dinners and lunches. He's a very cool, hip guy. This film, let's face it, is like an homage to him, I would imagine he'd find it funny.;Martin Short;cool
11161;I like rhythmic things that butt up against each other in a cool kind of way.;Stone Gossard;cool
11162;And I remember as a second or third grader having some autonomy to go to the store if I felt like it, walk home, take my time, kick the can. We were on our own schedule after school, so that was cool.;Stone Gossard;cool
11163;If I could have anyone on speed dial it would be George Clooney. He seems like a cool guy who would give good advice.;Adam Garcia;cool
11164;When you see people who are really good at game shows, the one common attribute is a cool head under pressure: an ability to perform as well in the studio, surrounded by lights and noise, as you do on your couch.;Ken Jennings;cool
11165;I get around OK with a toolbox. As a kid, I picked up skills following my dad through the oil fields of Oklahoma and West Texas. My wife Janine is hard to impress, but she does think it's cool when I fix things around the house.;Ronnie Dunn;cool
11166;I think movies glamorize violence, in the sense that they make it in a way that it's either cool or funny.;Matthew Vaughn;cool
11167;I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.;David R. Ellis;cool
11168;They had some really cool rigged cars and things that were different that they would tow behind the camera car that were actually on these trailers that manipulated side to side and stuff like they were getting hit, and actually put the actor right in the middle of the chase.;David R. Ellis;cool
11169;When you're in Los Angeles, nobody bats an eye, they're so used to seeing actors, they just act really cool.;Luke Wilson;cool
11170;I'm always looking for cool stuff to do because that's what we're supposed to do, ya know?;Joshua Homme;cool
11171;I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?;Norman Reedus;cool
11172;You can't not look cool with a crossbow.;Norman Reedus;cool
11173;If I could work with any actor it would have to be Johnny Depp. He is cool.;Ben Nicholas;cool
11174;It is really cool to have created a movie that has turned out to become the biggest movie of the year.;Michael Bay;cool
11175;Well, we played with Soul Coughing once for like two days, that was pretty cool. I mean they were all good, you can pull a great experience from everything.;Mike Lowry;cool
11176;It's a really cool time for artists who want to strive for a little more depth in what they want to say to come forward. We live in a very fast world right now. We've got all this media and music which is so accessible to us, it's here one minute gone the next.;Kimbra;cool
11177;We're gonna try and bring on all the different aspects of horror movie making and bring on guests and show all these old '50's B movies. Not the real corny ones, the real cool ones.;Jerry Only;cool
11178;It's kinda cool seeing people having real fights with people they really know.;Ron Livingston;cool
11179;I want kids of this generation to see that everything is cool, that there's some kind of unity in hip-hop. We all found something that's really important to us, and music is all we've really got.;Missy Elliot;cool
11180;I jumped off a cliff backwards for 'I Am Number Four,' which was pretty cool. I'd never done that before. It took seven takes from different angles and luckily there were no injuries. I came close, though. My head nearly hit the rock at one point.;Alex Pettyfer;cool
11181;We had a huge audience, we sold truckloads of albums. If we do something that's cool, people will listen to it. If we don't, we would be selling people short.;Andy Taylor;cool
11182;I don't particularly dislike any kind of person that might be reading my stuff. They like it and that's cool, but I don't do the work for any kind of group in particular, except for hobos, who just plain kick ass and light up my life.;Jhonen Vasquez;cool
11183;Obviously anything that accessorizes or enhances the iPhone is always pretty cool.;Harry Shum, Jr.;cool
11184;I was asked to do a test commercial shoot for an Apple product which didn't mean much to me at the time. Some music player that holds all your songs. Sounded cool to me and I never gave up an opportunity to work, especially with the possibility of it turning into a national commercial. Coolest job I did in that time.;Harry Shum, Jr.;cool
11185;It's a beautiful thing, diving into the cool crisp water and then just sort of being able to pull your body through the water and the water opening up for you.;Dawn Fraser;cool
11186;Sunday school don't make you cool forever.;Sly Stone;cool
11187;I don't think a show's ever changed networks in the middle of the season before, but it was cool because they gave us those extra couple years of life that was necessary to get us to syndication.;Donal Logue;cool
11188;I think as - all in all, it's better to have a cool president than a not cool president.;Jonah Goldberg;cool
11189;But if the choice is a cool president and 8 or 10 percent unemployment in a declining economy and a country that seems to be going in the wrong direction and structural unemployment for young people at 50 percent, I'd rather have a dorky president who fixed those problems.;Jonah Goldberg;cool
11190;Doing something that warrants the attention of the President of the United States is super cool.;Michael K. Williams;cool
11191;You get to actually see the music video on the TV in the pilot and we have the soundtrack playing at this big party. I thought that was sort of a cool moment, to actually have the A-Ha video is pretty cool.;Will Estes;cool
11192;We had the skirts with the slits up the side, sort of tough, sort of Spanish Harlem cool, but sweet too.;Ronnie Spector;cool
11193;Men, when they fight in movies, it's a very different style. Harrison Ford was so cool when he had the whip, and Bruce Lee was such an artist that you couldn't take your eyes off of him.;Lucy Liu;cool
11194;The cool thing about writing music, writing anything, is that once you publish it, it's there forever.;Ryan Tedder;cool
11195;I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool.;Adam Brody;cool
11196;I have been in teen shows for years, so doing that stuff - kissing - is kind of commonplace and not a big deal. It was way more cool just because it was Meg Ryan.;Adam Brody;cool
11197;I think some people record songs and make records a certain way to cater to radio. If you're born to make commercial music that's cool. But if you're born to not make commercial records, maybe you're meant to cater to another market.;Bryan White;cool
11198;It was cool to do someone else's movie. It was a lot of fun.;Jason Mewes;cool
11199;In an online community, there's this kind of social economy between the community members. Some people have status because they make cool skins or that's a good website that's visited a lot, but there's no real gameplay there.;Will Wright;cool
11200;And every now and then people find the bugs, and they interpret those as cool failures in the Sims terms. For them it's like a treasure hunt, you know.;Will Wright;cool
11201;I never really loved school through junior high, but then I started running track my freshman year, and I was just like, 'Wow, this is cool!" - Regina King
"But on second thought, after I decreed the state of emergency, I came to the conclusion that that was impossible to achieve without bloodshed because the street protesters were full of anger and nearly out of control. This is why I thought we needed to find another way out." - Eduard Shevardnadze
"Education is when you read the fine print experience is what you get when you don't." - Pete Seeger
"I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires." - Khalil Gibran
"Musicians are probably the most uncomfortable people in themselves in the world. Happiness, I think, only exists when you're a child and once you go past 11, unfortunately it's gone." - Andrea Corr
"We all thought of chicken as lean, protein-rich food that's good for weight watching, but the truth is chicken might actually be making us fatter!" - Kathy Freston
"Resolve not to be poor: whatever you have, spend less. Poverty is a great enemy to human happiness it certainly destroys liberty, and it makes some virtues impracticable, and others extremely difficult." - Samuel Johnson
"The best security for civilization is the dwelling, and upon properly appointed and becoming dwellings depends, more than anything else, the improvement of mankind." - Benjamin Disraeli
"I had faith in Israel before it was established, I have in it now. I believe it has a glorious future before it - not just another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization." - Harry S. Truman
"In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!" - Homer
"Coffee and smoking are the last great addictions." - Lara Flynn Boyle
"People create jobs, not the government." - Scott Walker
"For this equilibrium now in sight, let us trust that mankind, as it has occurred in the greatest periods of its past, will find for itself a new code of ethics, common to all, made of tolerance, of courage, and of faith in the Spirit of men." - Albert Claude
"One thing my dad always told me, was he would make sure I always had what he didn't have. He couldn't play basketball because he didn't have tennis shoes - so I had five pairs of tennis shoes." - Robert Griffin III
"Imagination disposes of everything it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world." - Blaise Pascal
"Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together." - Thomas Dekker
"High-quality food is better for your health." - Michael Pollan
"We, some cast members and I, even went on a weekend trip together and spent the weekend at an inn, because we enjoy each other's company so much, and it was so cool." - Victor Garber
"I think that if Republicans are given the reins of leadership in the House or Senate or both, we will have to govern in a way - at least put forward solutions whether or not the president goes along with them or not, that deal with these long-term challenges." - John Thune
"Failure is a part of success." - Hank Aaron
"My philosophy of dating is to just fart right away." - Jenny McCarthy
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life." - Oscar Wilde
"If I lived alone, Mom'd never sleep because she wouldn't know I was okay." - Scott Baio
"Inventions reached their limit long ago, and I see no hope for further development." - Frontinus, Julius
"I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose." - Joely Fisher
"I think there's a difference between ditzy and dumb. Dumb is just not knowing. Ditzy is having the courage to ask!" - Jessica Simpson
"I like that the art world isn't regulated." - Jerry Saltz
"Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you." - Erma Bombeck
"The legal battle against segregation is won, but the community battle goes on." - Dorothy Day
"But I'm blessed to work with great people. I collaborate with brilliant stylists both here and in Paris. I work with a great design team. I really allow everyone to bring their ideas. I almost rely on them to inspire me." - Marc Jacobs
"Medical liability reform is not a Republican or Democrat issue or even a doctor versus lawyer issue. It is a patient issue." - John Ensign
"I've got my dad's height and smoking habit. But I think I've got my mum's looks and sensibilities." - Max Irons
"I enjoy life when things are happening. I don't care if it's good things or bad things. That means you're alive." - Joan Rivers
"You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for independence." - Charles A. Beard
"I'm trying to change the culture in New York City that's hard enough!" - Michael Bloomberg
"African Americans make up about 13 percent of the U.S. population but comprise 32 percent of patients treated for kidney failure, giving them a kidney failure rate that is 4.2 times greater than that of white Americans." - Xavier Becerra
"Russia will occupy most of the good food lands of central Europe while we have the industrial portions. We must find some way of persuading Russia to play ball." - Henry L. Stimson
"It's not someone else's responsibility to honor my marriage. It's my responsibility." - David Duchovny
"My father was against the death penalty, and that was hard in the Son of Sam summer when fear was driving the desire for the death penalty." - Andrew Cuomo
"All are but parts of one stupendous whole, Whose body Nature is, and God the soul." - Alexander Pope
"Let architects sing of aesthetics that bring Rich clients in hordes to their knees Just give me a home, in a great circle dome Where stresses and strains are at ease." - R. Buckminster Fuller
"The one thing that offends me the most is when I walk by a bank and see ads trying to convince people to take out second mortgages on their home so they can go on vacation. That's approaching evil." - Jeff Bezos
"I talked about my family, my family's so important." - Jim Valvano
"Every non-political human grouping of whatever kind, legal, social, religious, economic or other becomes at last political if it creates an opposition deep enough to range men against one another as enemies." - Francis Parker Yockey
"I made a commitment... both to myself and to some supporters to carefully consider a run for the Liberal leadership for the Liberal Party of Canada." - Dalton McGuinty
"Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art." - Andy Warhol
"A moderate addiction to money may not always be hurtful but when taken in excess it is nearly always bad for the health." - Clarence Day
"In the true sense one's native land, with its background of tradition, early impressions, reminiscences and other things dear to one, is not enough to make sensitive human beings feel at home." - Emma Goldman
"The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person and in the end they unite." - Havelock Ellis
"Love is the poetry of the senses." - Honore de Balzac
"One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom." - Thom Yorke
"Death is an endless night so awful to contemplate that it can make us love life and value it with such passion that it may be the ultimate cause of all joy and all art." - Paul Theroux
"Fires can't be made with dead embers, nor can enthusiasm be stirred by spiritless men. Enthusiasm in our daily work lightens effort and turns even labor into pleasant tasks." - James A. Baldwin
"Nobody is starving on the streets. We've always taken care of them. We take care of our own we always have. It is not the government's responsibility." - Benjamin Carson
"For my scale, how I grew up and live my life, I'm making plenty of money." - Louis C. K.
"The pessimist complains about the wind the optimist expects it to change the realist adjusts the sails." - William Arthur Ward
"Fear of error which everything recalls to me at every moment of the flight of my ideas, this mania for control, makes men prefer reason's imagination to the imagination of the senses. And yet it is always the imagination alone which is at work." - Louis Aragon
"My mom was amazing. She believed in me and we were best friends." - Carmen Electra
"I just saw the movie for the first time in its entirely last night. It's really cool when you're in with an audience that's so tuned in and plugged in to what's going on." - Sasha Alexander
"No one has a right to consume happiness without producing it." - Helen Keller
"Few things tend more to alienate friendship than a want of punctuality in our engagements. I have known the breach of a promise to dine or sup to break up more than one intimacy." - William Hazlitt
"It took me twenty years to get Steven Parrino's work. From the time I first saw his art, in the mid-eighties, I almost always dismissed it as mannered, Romantic, formulaic, conceptualist-formalist heavy-metal boy-art abstraction." - Jerry Saltz
"Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security." - William F. Buckley, Jr.
"Study the past, if you would divine the future." - Confucius
"I got a family house for everybody to live in - my mom, my sisters and I. And I made sure that it has a separate apartment downstairs for myself. Family is more important than anything. We don't come from any money. So once I get them settled in, in a nice house, then I'll branch out and see if I can get something else." - Vinny Guadagnino
"Most small business owners are not particularly sophisticated business people. That's not a criticism they're passionate about cutting hair or cooking food, and that's why they got in the business, not because they have an MBA." - Andrew Mason
"Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"I just want to have a great relationship with my child and have a great family dynamic." - Tori Spelling
"While approximately one in every 400 children and adolescents have Type I diabetes recent Government reports indicate that one in every three children born in 2000 will suffer from obesity, which as noted is a predominant Type II precursor." - Tim Holden
"Happiness, that grand mistress of the ceremonies in the dance of life, impels us through all its mazes and meanderings, but leads none of us by the same route." - Colton, Charles C.
"The fact is five months ago this was an issue that people weren't really talking that much about. Because of the president's leadership, because he's brought it to people's attention, it's now a top issue." - Ken Mehlman
"Imagine a judicial nominee said 'my experience as a white man makes me better than a Latina woman.' Wouldn't they have to withdraw? New racism is no better than old racism." - Newt Gingrich
"It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony." - Benjamin Britten
"I think guitar is the best thing in the world." - Shaun White
"I can think of some things that would be fun, but I'm living my dreams." - Mike Farrell
"I'd like to do a film which is funny." - Clive Owen
"My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person. She goes completely on her feelings of things, on her intuition, and so she instilled that in my brothers and I." - Brandon Boyd
"One of the things I've always enjoyed is moving around and staying fit. Physicality is such a big part of being an actor, but it's also about stillness and silence." - Joel Edgerton
"My kids are not that interested in my movie career, by the way. My son, in particular, never talks about it. He just wants me as his dad." - Hugh Jackman
"You cannot build character and courage by destroying men's initiative and independence." - William J. H. Boetcker
"Hitler was so modern, in that he was obsessed with being famous. He was caught up with this rush to be have achieved greatness before turning 30." - John Cusack
"You must become an old man in good time if you wish to be an old man long." - Marcus Aurelius
"In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words." - Bianca Jagger
"Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish." - Albert Einstein
"Marriage is good for those who are afraid to sleep alone at night." - St. Jerome
"Fame is the echo of actions, resounding them to the world, save that the echo repeats only the last art, but fame relates all, and often more than all." - Thomas Fuller
"By the work one knows the workman." - Jean de La Fontaine
"Heaven and hell suppose two distinct species of men, the good and the bad. But the greatest part of mankind float betwixt vice and virtue." - David Hume
"I think my first big purchase was actually for my mom. She had one of those '90s TVs in her living room that's like a 10x10 brick, so I purchased her a flatscreen for her living room." - Dave Franco
"Look, I think the worst case scenario is obvious. I think first of all it doesn't work for very long. It's an unstable government that raises taxes and destroys the image we're building for Canada as a strong place to invest." - Stephen Harper
"Everyone will experience the consequences of his own acts. If his act are right, he'll get good consequences if they're not, he'll suffer for it." - Harry Browne
"Beware how you trifle with your marvelous inheritance, this great land of ordered liberty, for if we stumble and fall, freedom and civilization everywhere will go down in ruin." - Henry Cabot Lodge
"I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn't lived that life." - Sonia Sotomayor
"I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken." - Julianna Baggott
"Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls." - Kid Rock
"I have run two Olympic 'A' standard times over the past 12 months and with the time I ran at the African Championships last week I know my speed and fitness are constantly improving so that I will peak in time for the Olympics." - Oscar Pistorius
"Modern Orthodoxy has a highly positive attitude toward the State of Israel. Our Ultra-Orthodox brethren recognize only the Holy Land, but not the state." - Norman Lamm
"Persons famous in the arts partake of the immortality of princes, and are upon a footing with them." - Francis I
"Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate." - Soren Kierkegaard
"I think a lot of people, even Christians, are willing to be satisfied with gaining lots and lots of biblical knowledge - and many people go to Bible studies and don't realize it isn't enough to know what's right, it's applying the information and the knowledge that you have." - Charles Stanley
"I like shows that have some level of intelligence to them. When it's not as predictable, when you don't know what's coming at you." - Mehmet Oz
"Corporate governance is a huge issue too. We don't have women on these corporate boards. More than half of the students in law school are women, more than half of the women, I think, in medical school now are women." - Claire McCaskill
"Movies are movies: they take you back in time, and how it still is for some." - Tina Turner
"Besides the fact that I make movies, there's nothing interesting about my life at all, unfortunately." - Jonah Hill
"My agent said, 'You aren't good enough for movies.' I said, 'You're fired.'" - Sally Field
"It sometimes is just the fear of being misunderstood." - Terry Gross
"I went to Zimbabwe. I know how white people feel in America now relaxed! Cause when I heard the police car I knew they weren't coming after me!" - Richard Pryor
"Being an artist is a very long game. It is not a 10-year game. I hope I'll be around making art when I'm 80." - Anish Kapoor
"No one was more important than my mom and dad. I know they are watching from a place up in heaven here today to make sure all their kids are doing good." - Eddie Murray
"Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned." - Mark Twain
"We are in this business, whether it be intelligence or the government, to protect freedom, democracy and liberty, not to violate that." - John O. Brennan
"She had a hit for every syllable: 'Don't. You. Ever. Talk. To. Me. Like. That. Ever. Again.' That was the last time I ever talked back to Mom." - Misty May-Treanor
"I've always had great faith in people." - Wayne Newton
"Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose." - Charles Eames
"I didn't get hugely famous really quick. It was a slow, gradual process, so I was able to sort of grow into myself and figure out who I was and what I wanted without the glaring spotlight on me telling me who I was." - Sarah McLachlan
"The size of your accomplishments, the quality of your achievement, will depend very largely on how big a man you see in yourself, what sort of image you get of your possible self, yourself at your best." - Orison Swett Marden
"Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up it is culture and identity. Reason plays some role in our decisions about food, but it's rarely driving the car." - Jonathan Safran Foer
"You don't change the course of history by turning the faces of portraits to the wall." - Jawaharlal Nehru
"Failure and things of this sort - you can take it one of two ways. You can either let that hurt you and really affect the way that you live your life in the future, or you can use that as an opportunity for growth." - Matt Emmons
"When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, 'I used everything you gave me'." - Erma Bombeck
"We don't get a chance to do that many things, and every one should be really excellent. Because this is our life. Life is brief, and then you die, you know? So this is what we've chosen to do with our life." - Steve Jobs
"If you wished to be loved, love." - Seneca
"I don't enjoy good food. I don't enjoy flashy cars. I don't care if I live in a dump. I don't enjoy good clothes. This is the best I've dressed in months." - Jack Kevorkian
"The most basic question is not what is best, but who shall decide what is best." - Thomas Sowell
"The only reason my work seems to be eclectic up to a certain period is because I was a failure as an actor." - Hugh Grant
"I've accomplished a lot, but I still have more dreams that I want to achieve." - Joe Jonas
"Nothing is as dangerous in architecture as dealing with separated problems. If we split life into separated problems we split the possibilities to make good building art." - Alvar Aalto
"I object to people running down the future. I am going to live all the rest of my life there." - Charles Kettering
"It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The truth is that stress doesn't come from your boss, your kids, your spouse, traffic jams, health challenges, or other circumstances. It comes from your thoughts about these circumstances." - Andrew Bernstein
"These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness and worship without awareness." - Anthony de Mello
"The lovely thing about being forty is that you can appreciate twenty-five-year-old men more." - Colleen McCullough
"My mom was onstage when she was pregnant with me." - Zosia Mamet
"War, except in self-defense, is a failure of moral imagination." - Bill Moyers
"I'm learning the power of going away for the weekend and keeping myself company." - Zoe Saldana
"Progress would not have been the rarity it is if the early food had not been the late poison." - Walter Bagehot
"For nine years I worked to change what was hairdressing then into a geometric art form with color, perm without setting which had never been done before." - Vidal Sassoon
"Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys." - P. J. O'Rourke
"I remember in the circus learning that the clown was the prince, the high prince. I always thought that the high prince was the lion or the magician, but the clown is the most important." - Roberto Benigni
"Happiness, to some, elation Is, to others, mere stagnation." - Amy Lowell
"Few cross the river of time and are able to reach non-being.  Most of them run up and down only on this side of the river.  But those who when they know the law follow the path of the law, they shall reach the other shore and go beyond the realm of death." - Dhammapada, The
"There are many talented people who haven't fulfilled their dreams because they over thought it, or they were too cautious, and were unwilling to make the leap of faith." - James Cameron
"Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art." - Harry S. Truman
"To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise." - Gene Tunney
"You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae." - Paul Walker
"If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it." - William James
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." - Colin R. Davis
"I'm also interested in the modern suggestion that you can have a combination of love and sex in a marriage - which no previous society has ever believed." - Alain de Botton
"Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art." - Charlie Parker
"It is not the young people that degenerate they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption." - Charles de Montesquieu
"I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality." - Agnes Macphail
"In looking for humor, keep in mind this guideline: Sometimes it takes a little time to see the humor in your upsets you may not find something to laugh about immediately." - Allen Klein
"And that's really what's happening in this country is a violation of the First Commandment. We have become a country entrenched in idolatry, and that idolatry is the dependency upon our government. We're supposed to depend upon God for our protection and our provision and for our daily bread, not for our government." - Sharron Angle
"Sometimes laughing isn't the best judge of what's funny, 'cause I think there's a lot of things that are really funny that don't make you laugh, that don't make you physically, audibly make a noise, but is something that is much more powerful than that." - Tim Heidecker
"I've always felt that what I have going for me is not my imagination, because everyone has an imagination. What I have is a relentlessly controlled imagination. What looks like wild invention is actually quite carefully calculated." - Terry Pratchett
"The best way to reduce the cost of medical care is to reduce the illness." - Arlen Specter
"The man who has the will to undergo all labor may win to any good." - Martin Luther
"The love of economy is the root of all virtue." - George Bernard Shaw
"The three great elements of modern civilization, Gun powder, Printing, and the Protestant religion." - Thomas Carlyle
"The real beauty of it - key to my life was playing key chords on a banjo. For somebody else it may be a golf club that mom and dad put in their hands or a baseball or ballet lessons. Real gift to give to me and put it in writing." - Vince Gill
"How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete." - C. S. Lewis
"Of course the Republicans have long wanted to privatize Social Security and destroy it. But Social Security has been the most important and valuable social program in the history of the United States." - Bernie Sanders
"Nothing's beautiful from every point of view." - Horace
"Mitt Romney understands free enterprise, he has worked in it. He has seen companies succeed and he has seen them fail, too. He knows what people think about when they invest their money." - Marco Rubio
"True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist." - Albert Einstein
"Probably millions of Americans got up this morning with a cup of coffee, a cigarette and a donut. No wonder they are sick and fouled up." - Jack LaLanne
"There is no international problem that can be addressed or solved without the engagement and leadership of the United States and everybody in the world knows that, its just fact of life. So sometimes I think we could conduct ourselves with a little more humility." - Robert M. Gates
"America traditionally represents the greatest possibility of someone's going from nothing to something. Why? In theory, if not practice, the government stays out of the way and lets individuals take risks and reap rewards or accept the consequences of failure. We call this capitalism - or, at least, we used to." - Larry Elder
"One can be a brother only in something. Where there is no tie that binds men, men are not united but merely lined up." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"I am beautiful, famous and gorgeous." - Anna Kournikova
"Sadness is a super important thing not to be ashamed about but to include in our lives. One of the bigger problems with sadness or depression is there's so much shame around it. If you have it you're a failure. You are felt as being very unattractive." - Mike Mills
"Usually a family is led through the mom or the dad and their career and for the family to be led by my career, even though God has led it, could be a lot of pressure." - Stacie Orrico
"We live in an age of instant knowledge. And there's almost a sense of entitlement to that." - J. J. Abrams
"I love mirrors. They let one pass through the surface of things." - Claude Chabrol
"To make pictures big is to make them more powerful." - Robert Mapplethorpe
"Life finds its purpose and fulfillment in the expansion of happiness." - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
"There is only one thing that a man really wants to do, all his life and that is, to find his way to his God, his Morning Star, salute his fellow man, and enjoy the woman who has come the long way with him." - David Herbert Lawrence
"I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty." - Jacqueline Bisset
"Great and good are seldom the same man." - Winston Churchill
"Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea." - John Ciardi
"I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within." - Rachel Stevens
"We do not have a money problem in America. We have a values and priorities problem." - Marian Wright Edelman
"The past, the present and the future are really one: they are today." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
"The only way marriage can work is if a man respects the woman and she is a thinking woman and he wants to work on the marriage." - Al Goldstein
"I don't think there's any artist of any value who doesn't doubt what they're doing." - Francis Ford Coppola
"Doing nothing is happiness for children and misery for old men." - Victor Hugo
"As much as I transferred my mother to Elizabeth Shore of The Black Dahlia, as much as her dad mutated into an obsession with crime in general, well, I have thought about other things throughout the years." - James Ellroy
"We experience problem-solving sessions as war zones, we view competing ideas as enemies, and we use problems as weapons to blame and defeat opposition forces. No wonder we can't come up with real lasting solutions!" - Margaret J. Wheatley
"Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared." - David Ben-Gurion
"Every literary critic believes he will outwit history and have the last word." - Mason Cooley
"Humor is just another defense against the universe." - Mel Brooks
"I grew up not really having anything, so the idea that I can take care of my family and my friends now is a really cool bonus." - Katy Perry
"We can have democracy in this country, or we can have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we can't have both." - Louis D. Brandeis
"Isn't it a shame that future generations can't be here to see all the wonderful things we're doing with their money?" - Earl Wilson
"I was a great dreamer of day dreams." - Abraham Cahan
"The cool wind blew in my face and all at once I felt as if I had shed dullness from myself. Before me lay a long gray line with a black mark down the center. The birds were singing. It was spring." - Burl Ives
"Wine, like food, is so emotional. If you think about it, so much of the courting ritual is surrounded by wine and food. There's a built-in romance to wine." - Padma Lakshmi
"We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack." - Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"I'm actually tougher on myself as I get older. It's a vicious cycle. The things that are important in life are the things that you can't buy in life: love, health and happiness. I say that, and I believe that, and I try to live that." - Criss Angel
"For those who aspire to live in a high cost, high tax, big government place, our nation and the world offers plenty of options. Vermont, Canada and Venezuela all offer you the opportunity to live in the socialist, big government paradise you long for." - Marco Rubio
"If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm." - Bruce Barton
"Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give lustre, and many more people see than weigh" - Stanhope, Philip D.
"But my main thing that I would love to see as a fan of 'Glee,' like I said, is to really get into the character and who they are and what they do outside of school. I think that that's interesting. And then of course the themed stuff and the album episodes are all really cool too." - Lea Michele
"As man sows, so shall he reap. In works of fiction, such men are sometimes converted. More often, in real life, they do not change their natures until they are converted into dust." - Charles W. Chesnutt
"I guess you could say I devoted myself so strongly to my music that for awhile I forgot about my family. But I only get one set of parents, and I think I forgot about that for a little while." - Lady Gaga
"A sublime faith in human imbecility has seldom led those who cherish it astray." - Havelock Ellis
"The ongoing conflict between us has caused heavy suffering to both peoples. The future can and must be different. Both our peoples are destined to live together side by side, on this small piece of land. This reality we cannot change." - Ariel Sharon
"The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational." - Cheryl James
"There is not a lot of separation between work and home life." - Cate Blanchett
"Sex education has to do with what's in people's head." - Donna Shalala
"I thought that all of the sacrifices and blessings of the whole history of mankind have devolved upon me. Thank you, God." - Ben Stein
"From the solemn gloom of the temple children run out to sit in the dust, God watches them play and forgets the priest." - Rabindranath Tagore
"There's not a business or a master plan as far as I'm concerned. I take it week by week, and I don't think you ever expect to be able to do the next thing." - Lauren Conrad
"Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the '50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future." - Gary Ross
"They took their meals together and it was remarked on such occasions, when the friendship of animals is put to a hard test, that they never quarrelled or disputed the possession of a favourite fruit with each other." - Henry Walter Bates
"Of middle age the best that can be said is that a middle-aged person has likely learned how to have a little fun in spite of his troubles." - Don Marquis
"Poor people cannot rely on the government to come to help you in times of need. You have to get your education. Then nobody can control your destiny." - Charles Barkley
"I think the issue is that Americans traveling abroad if gotten into legal problems should have access to a fair trial and an impartial tribunal." - Maria Cantwell
"If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day." - Julianna Margulies
"A nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people." - John F. Kennedy
"Most of the good executives do pretty well. Because to be a good executive you have to be strong, and you have to have a simple attribute that people have forgotten about - courage." - John Milius
"Perfect valour consists in doing without witnesses that which we would be capable of doing before everyone. " - La Rochefoucauld, Fran?ois
"The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way." - Milton Friedman
"The thrill of coming home has never changed." - Guy Pearce
"The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you're talking about building a house, you're talking about dreams." - Robert A. M. Stern
"We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square." - Michelle Obama
"In the business world today, failure is apparently not an option. We need to change this attitude toward failure - and celebrate the idea that only by falling on our collective business faces do we learn enough to succeed down the road." - Naveen Jain
"There are no rules for friendship. It must be left to itself. We cannot force it any more than love." - William Hazlitt
"My whole family actually, but my parents. I had such a normal and amazing childhood. I've been so lucky. My parents are cool and normal. They don't talk about the business and I still have stuff to do at their house." - Kaley Cuoco
"I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me." - Kevin Pietersen
"That test should not be about ratings. What should weigh is the knowledge that a public broadcaster delivers programmes that matter." - Jonathan Dimbleby
"I have to live with both my selves as best I may." - Brigitte Bardot
"Old age is far more than white hair, wrinkles, the feeling that it is too late and the game finished, that the stage belongs to the rising generations. The true evil is not the weakening of the body, but the indifference of the soul." - Andre Maurois
"Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation." - Margaret Mead
"You cannot drive a system that's going to be aiming at preventing illness if everyone is not in it. The whole gaming of health insurance and health care in America is based on that fundamental principle: insure people who aren't sick and you don't have to pay more money on them." - Mehmet Oz
"I have this complex. I don't like too much exposure. I don't know why it is. Maybe it's bred in me, because my dad always told me to be humble and don't think you're too good." - Mark Viduka
"We live in grief for having left the womb, for having left the teat, then school, then home. In my case, it was leaving marriages, and the death of my wife." - William Shatner
"I'd said to my sweetheart a couple of days before that the SAG and Spirit Award nomination was amazing and I had no attachment to the Academy Award. I knew I was an underdog so I just decided to sleep through the announcement." - John Hawkes
"So why am I facing a recall election? Simple: the big government union bosses from Washington want their money. They don't like the fact that I did something fundamentally pro-worker something that's truly about freedom." - Scott Walker
"I've always liked Atlanta. And not just for the strip clubs, but the shopping and the food." - Jon Stewart
"I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own." - Andy Warhol
"I played with the same band for years and years and there's a beauty to having one solid core that you keep exploring. On the other hand, it's nice to throw yourself in different situations where you find out things about your own resources." - Grant-Lee Phillips
"When I was a little kid, all I wanted to do was to escape what I thought was the country and get to a city. Probably film and television had influenced me so much, I really thought the key to happiness was living a very artificial life in a penthouse in New York with martini glasses." - Tom Ford
"When love is not madness, it is not love." - Pedro Calderon de la Barca
"Only the freedom of mind can prevent the state from becoming totalitarian and from issuing totalitarian demands." - Friedrich Durrenmatt
"Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure." - Aldous Huxley
"My dad saw my husband's boss at a conference, and he said to stop paying my husband until we produce children." - Jenna Bush
"The most important loan to pay is your student loan. It's more important than your mortgage, car and credit card payments. You cannot discharge student loan debt in the majority of cases." - Suze Orman
"Man wants to live, but it is useless to hope that this desire will dictate all his actions." - Albert Camus
"My mom and I are very close." - Lady Gaga
"To buy happiness is to sell soul." - Douglas Horton
"There are three secrets to managing. The first secret is have patience. The second is be patient. And the third most important secret is patience." - Chuck Tanner
"It took the Metropolitan Museum of Art nearly 50 years to wake up to Pablo Picasso. It didn't own one of his paintings until 1946, when Gertrude Stein bequeathed that indomitable quasi-Cubistic picture of herself - a portrait of the writer as a sumo Buddha - to the Met, principally because she disliked the Museum of Modern Art." - Jerry Saltz
"When I was a kid, for my birthday every year, my mother made me pasta bechamel, which is rigatoni with a white cream sauce." - Giada De Laurentiis
"If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it. You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing." - Henry Kravis
"In other words we have marketed our way into this health crisis." - Frank Shorter
"It's funny, I never considered that people are going to see me on the show and maybe stop me on the subway." - Lena Dunham
"When I was a kid, I wanted to be serious, like Daniel Day-Lewis. No one really dreams of being a comic actor, do they? Now I realise how stupid that is - and it's because comic acting isn't taken seriously enough. It's a discipline. You know instantly - either you're funny and getting the laughs, or you're not." - Chris O'Dowd
"I was always a closet lover of acting. My mom was very practical. She never, ever restricted our dreams, always told us we could do or be anything. Then I said, 'Maybe I want to be an actor'. And she said, 'Maybe not that'." - Octavia Spencer
"The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity." - Ulysses S. Grant
"Computing is not about computers any more. It is about living." - Nicholas Negroponte
"Of all the gods only death does not desire gifts." - Aeschylus
"The difficulties we face originate from one of three sources. Some are sent to us by the Lord to test our faith, others are the result of Satan's attacks, and still others are due to our own sinful choices." - Charles Stanley
"Our poverty will be brought home to us to its full extent only after the war." - Joseph A. Schumpeter
"I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome." - Ian Somerhalder
"It is conceded by all that man is the very highest type of all living creatures on the earth. His intelligence is far superior to that of any other earthly being." - Joseph Franklin Rutherford
"You can't go around hoping that most people have sterling moral characters. The most you can hope for is that people will pretend that they do." - Fran Lebowitz
"The Government and the Parliament, even the House of Lords, will consent to a large increase of electors and men who have not considered the subject fully will imagine they have gained much by the concession." - John Bright
"Life in abundance comes only through great love." - Elbert Hubbard
"It's pretty cool that people will pay for something even though they don't have to. It's totally different now to back in the day. Now you're paying for a record because you believe in the band. In the future that will be the only time people will pay for albums, because there's some kind of connection." - Ezra Koenig
"I'm overly excited to finally announce this amazing global partnership deal back home with EMI Music. I know I have mentioned doing music in the past but for legal reasons I was not in a position to release any new music." - Melanie Brown
"It is remarkable that jealousy of individual property in land often goes along with very exaggerated doctrines of tribal or national property in land." - William Graham Sumner
"It is our happiness to live under the government of a PRINCE who is satisfied with ruling according to law as every other good prince will - We enjoy under his administration all the liberty that is proper and expedient for us." - Jonathan Mayhew
"Money is just the poor man's credit card." - Marshall McLuhan
"Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death." - George Whitefield
"Even during the worst hardships, when the other things in our lives seem to fall apart, we can still find peace in the eternal love of God." - Armstrong Williams
"I do not want to foresee the future. I am concerned with taking care of the present. God has given me no control over the moment following." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them." - Ernest Hemingway
"I love cooking for myself and cooking for my family." - Al Roker
"If you go away on location for three months and your wife stays at home, you've made a whole new load of friends and she's made a whole new load of friends and you get home and you're kind of strangers." - Michael Caine
"Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other." - Euripides
"Maybe when I stop making movies, I'll understand my work better." - Dario Argento
"My parents had an experience of life that is as opposite to mine as you can imagine." - Jane Pauley
"A liberal knows that the only certainty in this life is change but believes that the change can be directed toward a constructive end." - Henry A. Wallace
"Performing is a profound experience, at least for me." - James Taylor
"We each have a personal myth, a vision of who we really are and what we want. Health means that part of what you want is to give to others." - George Weinberg
"People create jobs, not the government." - Scott Walker
"Doctors will have more lives to answer for in the next world than even we generals." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"I have three brothers and they're all into computers. They're all intellects. My mother would pay me a quarter a page to read a book and I couldn't make 50 cents. I just couldn't do it." - Josh Holloway
"I shall go the way of the open sea, to the lands I knew before you came, and the cool ocean breezes shall blow from me the memory of your name." - Adela Florence Nicolson
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." - Steve Jobs
"The majority see the obstacles the few see the objectives history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former." - Alfred A. Montapert
"Yes, I did and a lot of my friends who are in the same program as I were very much supportive, and the most important thing they said to me is do not let this interfere with what you have to do in taking car of yourself. That was the most important thing." - Naomi Campbell
"This country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or exercise their revolutionary right to overthrow it." - Abraham Lincoln
"Performing is a profound experience, at least for me." - James Taylor
"I miss my family, and I like being a tourist when I go back." - Tim Roth
"Faith means living with uncertainty - feeling your way through life, letting your heart guide you like a lantern in the dark." - Dan Millman
"I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line." - Lucille Ball
"I take it that the good of mankind means the attainment, by every man, of all the happiness which he can enjoy without diminishing the happiness of his fellow men." - Thomas Huxley
"My mom was dying for me to write a book, she was my biggest advocate." - Victor Cruz
"My niece was very much caught up in the vampire craze for young adults, and she thought having a vampire boyfriend would be a cool thing. What do you do on a first date? The more I thought about it, the more fun I had imagining what you'd serve a vampire for dinner." - Deborah Harkness
"Los Angeles gives one the feeling of the future more strongly than any city I know of. A bad future, too, like something out of Fritz Lang's feeble imagination." - Henry Miller
"I'm someone who loves to enjoy life and tries to focus on real things and real friendships. That's why I live very simply. I'm a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl. I don't spend much time fixing myself up or trying to look cool. I live like a normal person and even though I'm in a very high-profile business, I really don't let it affect the way I live." - Cameron Diaz
"Start every day off with a smile and get it over with." - W. C. Fields
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
"Evolution never looks to the future." - Richard Dawkins
"Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time." - Marcus Aurelius
"Common sense tells us that the government's attempts to solve large problems more often create new ones. Common sense also tells us that a top-down, one-size-fits-all plan will not improve the workings of a nationwide health-care system that accounts for one-sixth of our economy." - Sarah Palin
"The South is very beautiful but its beauty makes one sad because the lives that people live here, and have lived here, are so ugly." - James Baldwin
"I can't speak for the future. I have no crystal ball." - Michael Jordan
"Let us develop the resources of our land, call forth its powers, build up its institutions, promote all its great interests, and see whether we also, in our day and generation, may not perform something worthy to be remembered." - W. Somerset Maugham
"Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business." - Tom Robbins
"Wonder is the desire for knowledge." - Thomas Aquinas
"I show them the funny part, the silly part, the laughing part, the crazy part and then the really deep, deep part where I'm talking from my heart to these people. Because I've been through everything they've been through." - Richard Simmons
"Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success." - Ford, Henry
"There's been times when I've had heartbreaking moments and I'm like, 'I can't believe you said that,' or 'I can't believe you did that'. And it hurts, it still hurts, and it'll always hurt, but I've never had somebody that I truly cared about just walk out on me, whether it was a boyfriend, or an aunt, mom or dad." - Shailene Woodley
"The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there." - John Buchan
"Holiday? Is like, what? I'm a hyperactive girl, so it may be boring for me to be on the beach doing nothing. I just need to find a place for three weeks and work but sleep in the morning, maybe write a little bit, have a glass of red wine. That's my perfect holiday." - Melanie Laurent
"Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship." - John Milton
"Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future." - Albert Camus
"But it was this tough little character part that I was playing, a very funny little guy that I invented over a weekend, because I realized I was not contributing to the humor of this thing. And I had to do something." - Dabney Coleman
"Once you're in a particular country, and you're surrounded by musicians who are so adept at traditional music, you suddenly realize how much there is to explore and digest and learn and experience." - Evelyn Glennie
"Americans have discovered fear." - Jose Saramago
"Women have a lot to say about how to advance women's rights, and governments need to learn from that, listen to the movement and respond." - Charlotte Bunch
"He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead his eyes are closed." - Albert Einstein
"I try and have a relaxed attitude and stay quite switched off until about an hour before kick-off." - Roy Keane
"I had a sense of what leadership meant and what it could do for you. So am I surprised that I am sitting up here on the 62nd floor of Rockefeller Plaza? No." - Vernon Jordan
"Men do not have to cook their food they do so for symbolic reasons to show they are men and not beasts." - Edmund Leach
"By the time I got home at night, my eyes were so chlorinated I saw rings around every light." - Esther Williams
"Love is not a feeling of happiness. Love is a willingness to sacrifice." - Michael Novak
"The future has already arrived. It's just not evenly distributed yet." - William Gibson
"In fair weather prepare for foul." - Thomas Fuller
"Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage." - Ambrose Bierce
"Really, the potential for, first of all, any college graduate today is enormously good. These are good times for anyone with a college degree today, particularly African Americans. With a college degree today, you really breach the unemployment rate." - Alexis Herman
"Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get." - Ray Kroc
"Evolution never looks to the future." - Richard Dawkins
"Love is the greatest refreshment in life." - Pablo Picasso
"Perhaps, to the uninformed, it may appear unaccountable that a man should be able to retain in his memory such a variety of learning but the close alliance with each other, of the different branches of science, will explain the difficulty." - Marcus V. Pollio
"We cannot change our past. We can not change the fact that people act in a certain way. We can not change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude." - Charles R. Swindoll
"I came to live in Shepperton in 1960. I thought: the future isn't in the metropolitan areas of London. I want to go out to the new suburbs, near the film studios. This was the England I wanted to write about, because this was the new world that was emerging." - J. G. Ballard
"Life's more amusing than we thought." - Lang, Andrew
"Thank you to everyone that has made me the athlete I am! God, family and friends, my competitors and supporters! You have all had a hand!" - Oscar Pistorius
"I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport." - Mike Krzyzewski
"The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty." - James Madison
"I really have created a family. I work with the people I love, I travel with them, I make films with them, and I'm in an office with them. So in a weird way - I know I haven't birthed a child - I feel that I'm a part of creating a family. It's a tribe. I love that word." - Drew Barrymore
"Everything changes, nothing remains without change. " - Buddha
"I want American Dream growth - lots of new businesses, well-paying jobs, and American leadership in new industries, like clean energy and biotechnology." - William J. Clinton
"In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Middle age is the awkward period when Father Time starts catching up with Mother Nature." - Harold Coffin
"You want to do something that shows some type individuality and talent and imagination - at the same time, you want to be truthful to the predecessors, because obviously the audience liked something about them and you have to replicate that experience to a certain extent." - Renny Harlin
"And looking at today's music scene, I think it's cool that there are a lot of consumers and fans not limited by what radio and the record companies tell them to buy." - Juice Newton
"We're living in an era of unprecedented change, and I want to be a part of documenting it." - Ron Fournier
"Anyway I feel myself a bit on the edge on the art world, but I don't mind, I'm just pursuing my work in a very excited way. And there isn't really a mainstream anymore, is there?" - David Hockney
"After the final no there comes a yes and on that yes the future of the world hangs." - Wallace Stevens
"Just hit my 75th birthday, I'm feeling great!" - Colin Powell
"A mission is a place where you ask nonbelievers to come and find faith and hope and feel love." - Robert H. Schuller
"I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be." - Marilyn Manson
"Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom." - John F. Kennedy
"I want to make timeless movies." - Fred Durst
"So if you're a robot and you're living on this planet, you can do things that you can't do in real life - things that you wished you could do: like fly like have a car that flies like have furniture that is alive." - William Joyce
"Prince Charles is an absolute Mountbatten. The real intelligence in the royal family comes through my parents to Prince Philip and the children." - Lord Mountbatten
"McVeigh's lawyer got him the death penalty, which, quite frankly, I could have done." - Jon Stewart
"The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different." - Aldous Huxley
"The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty." - James Madison
"The Bush Administration's failure to be consistently involved in helping Israel achieve peace with the Palestinians has been both wrong for our friendship with Israel, as well as badly damaging to our standing in the Arab world." - Barack Obama
"I like being out front, doing what I do, but then I also like playing in a band too. I'd like to do stuff like I did with Deee-lite. I went out and played with them and they were the stars, that was cool." - Bootsy Collins
"Wishful thinking is not idealism. It is self-indulgence at best and self-exaltation at worst. In either case, it is usually at the expense of others. In other words, it is the opposite of idealism." - Thomas Sowell
"The thing is, when I had my first success it did coincide with the end of my first marriage, and because I went on to have a very, very unhappy two years, I don't think I equate career success with personal happiness." - Rob Brydon
"Diaspora starts about a thousand years from now. Most of human civilisation has moved inside computers essentially, a major branch of our descendants consists of conscious software." - Greg Egan
"There are 4 billion cell phones in use today. Many of them are in the hands of market vendors, rickshaw drivers, and others who've historically lacked access to education and opportunity. Information networks have become a great leveler, and we should use them together to help lift people out of poverty and give them a freedom from want." - Hillary Clinton
"So, I'm getting less chips, paying the same amount of money. Is that legal for them to do this?" - Julie Chen
"Truth exists for the wise, beauty for the feeling heart. " - von Schiller, Johann
"I think that different pleasures work for different readers - a friend of mine won't read anything that's not a cardiovascular sort of page-turner. I tend to care less about plot, but I'm a sucker for humor and strangeness." - Karen Russell
"After the break up of the municipality and the loss of his income my father lost health and spirits." - Catherine Helen Spence
"Yes, America must do the right thing, but to provide moral leadership, America must do it in the right way, too." - David Cameron
"Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me." - J. K. Rowling
"The problem for those who assert biblical authority in support of traditional definitions of marriage is that one could, with equal validity, assert that the lending of money or certain kinds of haircuts are forbidden by God, or that slavery and the subjugation of women are authorized by the Lord." - Jon Meacham
"For the Nugent family, fast food is a running herbivore." - Ted Nugent
"If you think aficionados of a living Constitution want to bring you flexibility, think again. You think the death penalty is a good idea? Persuade your fellow citizens to adopt it. You want a right to abortion? Persuade your fellow citizens and enact it. That's flexibility." - Antonin Scalia
"When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race." - Jeff Gordon
"I look forward to a time, in the not so distant future, when we no longer look forward to 'firsts' as milestones women have yet to achieve, but we look back on them as historic events that continue to teach and inspire." - Dee Dee Myers
"I'm human, I'm not perfect. I make mistakes all the time, but I guess my job is to keep those mistakes to myself, which I'm already fine doing and just try to be the best I can be for those kids." - Selena Gomez
"Things with my dad were pretty good until I won an Academy Award. He was really loving to me until I got more attention than he did. Then he hated me." - Tatum O'Neal
"All History is current all injustice continues on some level, somewhere in the world." - Alice Walker
"The working men, I'll go by and they'll whistle. At first they whistle because they think, 'Oh, it's a girl. She's got blond hair and she's not out of shape,' and then they say, 'Gosh, it's Marilyn Monroe!'" - Marilyn Monroe
"Government 'help' to business is just as disastrous as government persecution... the only way a government can be of service to national prosperity is by keeping its hands off." - Ayn Rand
"Food during my early years was a very difficult issue for me. I grew up in an addictive family. My mother had serious problems with alcohol and prescription drugs. I was an overweight kid. I can remember back in those days there weren't the strategies that there are today to deal with those issues." - Tom Vilsack
"I tried to bake a cake for my mother's birthday - it took me four hours. It was terrible, and I cried for three days." - Rachael Ray
"I'm a geeky toy collector, and to have toys of your own characters is unbelievably cool." - Craig McCracken
"The church's teaching on marriage is unequivocal, it is uniquely, the union of a man and a woman and it is wrong that governments, politicians or parliaments should seek to alter or destroy that reality." - Keith O'Brien
"I think you may see again a rise at the federal government level for a - a call for the federal constitutional amendment, because people want to make sure that this definition of marriage remains secure, because after all, the family is the fundamental unit of government." - Michele Bachmann
"When we have done our best, we can, as a united people, take whatever may befall with calm courage and confidence that this old nation will survive and if death should come to many of us, death is not the end." - Eamon de Valera
"I am passionate about talking to women about their breast health." - Elizabeth Hurley
"To the man who loves art for its own sake, it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"I like the bad-boy types. Generally the guy I'm attracted to is the guy in the club with all the tattoos and nail polish. He's usually the lead singer in a punk band and plays guitar. But my serious boyfriends are relatively clean-cut, nice guys. So it's strange." - Megan Fox
"A life which does not go into action is a failure." - Arnold J. Toynbee
"Any film I do is not going to change the way black women have been portrayed, or black people have been portrayed, in cinema since the days of D.W. Griffith." - Spike Lee
"History and experience tell us that moral progress comes not in comfortable and complacent times, but out of trial and confusion." - Gerald R. Ford
"Everyone has his own specific vocation or mission in life everyone must carry out a concrete assignment that demands fulfillment. Therein he cannot be replaced, nor can his life be repeated, thus, everyone's task is unique as his specific opportunity to implement it." - Viktor E. Frankl
"There's no reason to change what you are, but if you're not being you, then you need to acknowledge that." - Marilyn Manson
"Different taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections." - George Eliot
"Well, you know, the definition of second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience." - George Will
"You know sit with your arm around a little kid and read. It not only teaches them to read but it keeps the family strong." - Barbara Bush
"I was born in ancient times, at the end of the world, in a patriarchal Catholic and conservative family. No wonder that by age five I was a raging feminist - although the term had not reached Chile yet, so nobody knew what the heck was wrong with me." - Isabel Allende
"Particularly for English people, Shakespeare is always at the forefront of both drama and the English language. He's always been there. I can't remember starting school and not learning about him." - Jamie Campbell Bower
"Good satire comes from anger. It comes from a sense of injustice, that there are wrongs in the world that need to be fixed. And what better place to get that well of venom and outrage boiling than a newsroom, because you're on the front lines." - Carl Hiaasen
"The only way I'd be caught without makeup is if my radio fell in the bathtub while I was taking a bath and electrocuted me and I was in between makeup at home. I hope my husband would slap a little lipstick on me before he took me to the morgue." - Dolly Parton
"Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour." - Fidel Castro
"But the ability to articulate what you are doing, to be clear about it, and to stick to it is, I think, the essence of political leadership." - Chris Patten
"Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done." - Louis D. Brandeis
"Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver." - Ayn Rand
"I'm almost a full-time mom." - Ekaterina Gordeeva
"It is not God's will merely that we should be happy, but that we should make ourselves happy." - Immanuel Kant
"The World Health Organization has recognized acupuncture as effective in treating mild to moderate depression." - Andrew Weil
"The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication." - Mike Fitzpatrick
"Every great person is always being helped by everybody for their gift is to get good out of all things and all persons." - John Ruskin
"All those who offer an opinion on any doubtful point should first clear their minds of every sentiment of dislike, friendship, anger or pity." - Sallust
"I lost my dad way too early and it was agonisingly awful. I missed him so much and I hated knowing that I could never again pick up the phone to tell him about my day." - Monica Seles
"Stuffing is my favorite food in the world! I actually have been known to go buy stuffing and make it in the middle of summer." - Emma Roberts
"I think the way IBM has embraced the open source philosophy has been quite astonishing, but gratifying. I hope they'll do very well with it." - Larry Wall
"Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it." - W. Somerset Maugham
"Money is the worst currency that ever grew among mankind. This sacks cities, this drives men from their homes, this teaches and corrupts the worthiest minds to turn base deeds." - Sophocles
"Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating." - Bob Filner
"The greenest home is the one you don't build. If you really want to save the Earth, move in with another family and share a house that's already built. Better yet, live in the forest and eat whatever the squirrels don't want." - Scott Adams
"The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness." - Virginia Woolf
"And remember don't high post when you're far from home, and high posting when you're all alone." - Mos Def
"The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want." - Justin Timberlake
"My recollection is - and I'd have to confirm this - but I don't recall paying any money to go to law school." - Joe Biden
"Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!" - Thomas A. Edison
"War remains the decisive human failure." - John Kenneth Galbraith
"Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money." - Peter Drucker
"I was entirely natural and in many ways I have the same attitude now. I don't mourn the loss of my youth because I believe you should enjoy what you have while you have it." - Koo Stark
"Action cures fear, inaction creates terror." - Douglas Horton
"A fan sent me a letter and a $10 bill. It's a short letter - all she said was, 'Hey, since it's harder for you to go out these days without getting photographed, here $10 for a pizza.' I was like, 'Aww, she sent me money for a pizza so I could eat at home!'" - Zac Efron
"All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it." - Jean Cocteau
"The current state of knowledge is a moment in history, changing just as rapidly as the state of knowledge in the past has ever changed and, in many instances, more rapidly." - Jean Piaget
"But it's amazing how many people think that gay men should slink off into the shadows when it comes to having friendships with children." - Armistead Maupin
"I know I'm going to blow one day. My life is doomed the way it is. I have no future." - Mike Tyson
"Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision that is characterized by the willingness to work hard, a desire for excellence, and a belief in our right and our responsiblity to be equal members of society." - Janet Jackson
"Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present - and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future." - Audrey Hepburn
"Let ignorance talk as it will, learning has its value." - Jean de La Fontaine
"Well I've written four beauty books as well." - Joan Collins
"Whatever good things we build end up building us." - Jim Rohn
"The next thing is: we can make IBM even better. We brought IBM back but we're gunning for leadership." - Louis Gerstner
"Love makes a subtle man out of a crude one, it gives eloquence to the mute, it gives courage the cowardly and makes the idle quick and sharp." - Juan Ruiz
"People who run a ready-to-wear company are businessmen rather than production or design people." - Calvin Klein
"The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much." - Hazlitt, William
"Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved." - Victor Hugo
"But if you look at WorldCom, which is the biggest failure to date, they grew dramatically, they were buying companies that were bigger than they were and they were doing it off inflated stock." - Don Nickles
"I believe consistency and orthogonality are tools of design, not the primary goal in design." - Yukihiro Matsumoto
"With respect to the first of these obstacles, it has often been made a matter of grave complaint against Political Economists, that they confine their attention to Wealth, and disregard all consideration of Happiness or Virtue." - Nassau William Senior
"I know that it isn't just violence against women, it's how do we support ourselves and our families, how do we deal with health care for ourselves and our families? It's a bigger picture." - Patricia Ireland
"We are persuaded that good Christians will always be good citizens, and that where righteousness prevails among individuals the Nation will be great and happy. Thus while just government protects all in their religious rights, true religion affords to government it's surest support." - George Washington
"When I shoot I'll take my family with me - one movie a year and then the rest of the time at home." - Eric Bana
"For people who are really talented, what you don't say becomes extremely important. You have to judge what to say and what to leave alone so you can let the talent develop." - Itzhak Perlman
"Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young." - W. Somerset Maugham
"Fame can be just so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'. You say hi and people whisper' man did you see the way she said hi? What an attitude." - Juliette Lewis
"My father was on the faculty in the Chemistry Department of Harvard University my mother had one year of graduate work in physics before her marriage." - Kenneth G. Wilson
"I've always done food that can work in a set time frame. The message I'm trying to get across is, it doesn't have to take three days to do this. With planning, you can do a lot and really have quality food every day." - Emeril Lagasse
"A disaster where marble has been substituted for imagination." - Ada Louise Huxtable
"I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father." - Orson Scott Card
"Redemption just means you just make a change in your life and you try to do right, versus what you were doing, which was wrong." - Ice T
"A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope." - Polybius
"I have to remind my dad, 'Journalists - no matter how many cigars they smoke with you - are not your friends, so don't talk to them.'" - Cameron Diaz
"I like being independent. I don't think that marriage means you're not independent, but right now I'm very comfortable, and I'm probably the happiest I've ever been. I feel solid. I feel safe." - Sandra Lee
"Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity." - Henry Van Dyke
"Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us." - Andrea Dworkin
"Pray for intestinal fortitude, work hard, and keep the faith. Oh, and pray for good luck, you're gonna need it." - Jerry Reed
"They're a different generation, those kids kids that are under the age of twelve. They're not that impressed by rock music, you know what I mean? They're like, it's cool and everything, but whatever. They're just as impressed by YouTube." - Frank Black
"In the environmental movement, every time you lose a battle it's for good, but our victories always seem to be temporary and we keep fighting them over and over again." - David Suzuki
"I got pregnant at 40 by surprise. It's funny, because when we found out we were pregnant, I said, 'Okay, let's experience that.' You just have to just go with it because it's rare." - Julianna Margulies
"My uncle Sammy was an angry man. He had printed on his tombstone: What are you looking at?" - Margaret Smith
"Maya Angelou, the famous African American poet, historian, and civil rights activist who is hailed be many as one of the great voices of contemporary literature, believes a struggle only makes a person stronger." - Michael N. Castle
"I like today and perhaps a little future still, but the past is really something I'm not interested in. So, as far as I'm concerned, I like only the past of things and people I don't know. When I know, I don't care because I knew how it was." - Karl Lagerfeld
"I believe that smaller government is better government. But I also believe that in the areas where government does play a legitimate role, we should demand that it is done better." - Scott Walker
"It begins and ends with money. It's absurd in this day and age when we need so much money for education, health, for people, that a $100 million dollars can be spent on a film. It's obscene." - Kathleen Turner
"You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination." - Jennifer Lopez
"I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book." - Groucho Marx
"Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion." - Scott Adams
"A man's only as old as the woman he feels." - Marx, Groucho
"Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think." - Yoko Ono
"Every actor dreams of getting a big break, a big opportunity." - Liam McIntyre
"A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor." - Aldous Huxley
"The law will never make a man free it is men who have got to make the law free." - Henry David Thoreau
"It was a source of shame for my family that I was in rock and roll, which is so blue-collar. It just isn't done. And I felt it, too." - Liz Phair
"It would be foolish to suggest that government is a good custodian of aesthetic goals. But, there is no alternative to the state." - John Kenneth Galbraith
"Don't believe your friends when they ask you to be honest with them. All they really want is to be maintained in the good opinion they have of themselves." - Albert Camus
"As an audience member, those studio films are fun. I like an adventure tale, and I also like to go see something that has more of a social pulse. I like to keep learning and trying new things. And if the scripts are good, it doesn't really matter." - Michael Fassbender
"Fear is, I believe, a most effective tool in destroying the soul of an individual - and the soul of a people." - Anwar Sadat
"Sides are being divided now. It's very obvious. So if you're on the other side of the fence, you're suddenly anti-American. It's breeding fear of being on the wrong side." - Sam Shepard
"Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours." - Les Brown
"Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy." - Lauren Conrad
"All artists are people of growth. It's like food, you take the good and leave the rest." - Andrew Jack
"I should have been out there having a wild time like all the other girls my age, but I wasn't. I was going home every night to what was, initially, a very happy marriage." - Amanda Holden
"If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue." - Alice Duer Miller
"The keys to patience are acceptance and faith. Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you. Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen." - Ralph Marston
"Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do." - Katharine Hepburn
"I lost my mother, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease, and we had to relocate my dad after 58 years in the family home. That was tough." - Doug Davidson
"I just did a part in 'Sin City 2.' I got to do a scene with Ray Liotta. Amazing man, extraordinary gentleman who was just so kind to me... I'm so excited about that I think it's gonna be very cool." - Juno Temple
"America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand." - Harry S. Truman
"Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen." - Mark Twain
"Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time." - Diane Kruger
"Celebrity distorts democracy by giving the rich, beautiful, and famous more authority than they deserve." - Maureen Dowd
"The sound of 'gentle stillness' after all the thunder and wind have passed will the ultimate Word from God." - Jim Elliot
"The infinite faith I have in people's ability to understand anything that makes sense has always been justified, finally, by their behavior." - Alice Walker
"I'd love to do a romantic comedy. And perhaps, if the character was right and I had a good gut instinct, a Bollywood movie. And I'd love to direct. One day. I'm learning a lot on the set of 'The Good Wife.'" - Archie Panjabi
"My life path has been a blessing and a great learning experience. Skateboarding is my passion and I don't see that changing. When I'm not skating, I love to surf. I'm open to the new experiences and opportunities." - Ryan Sheckler
"Yet each man kills the thing he loves,  By each let this be heard,  Some do it with a bitter look,  Some with a flattering word.  The coward does it with a kiss,  The brave man with a sword!" - Wilde, Oscar
"Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart." - Corrie Ten Boom
"Old age is a shipwreck." - Charles de Gaulle
"You may keep your beauty and your health, unless you destroy them yourself, or discourage them to stay with you, by using them ill." - William Temple
"Do not blame anybody for your mistakes and failures." - Bernard Baruch
"We often pretend to fear what we really despise, and more often despise what we really fear." - Charles Caleb Colton
"What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul." - Joseph Addison
"The first feminine feature that goes, with advancing age, is the neck." - Gloria Swanson
"If you share a common ancestor with somebody, you're related to them. It doesn't mean that you're going to invite them to the family reunion, but it means that you share DNA. I think it's fascinating." - Henry Louis Gates
"Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy." - Dan Gable
"I think no artist can claim to have any access to the truth, or an authentic version of an event. But obviously they have slightly better means at their disposal because they have their art to energize whatever it is they're trying to write about. They have music." - Thom Yorke
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you." - A. A. Milne
"Duty cannot exist without faith." - Benjamin Disraeli
"If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work." - Ogden Nash
"Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art." - Jerry Saltz
"Marriage is a lot of things - a source of love, security, the joy of children, but it's also an interpersonal battlefield, and it's not hard to see why: Take two disparate people, toss them together in often-confined quarters, add the stresses of money and kids - now lather, rinse, repeat for the rest of your natural life. What could go wrong?" - Jeffrey Kluger
"I believe that President Clinton considered the legal merits of the arguments for the pardon as he understood them, and he rendered his judgment, wise or unwise, on the merits." - John Podesta
"There would be nights when I would wake up and couldn't get back to sleep. So I would go downstairs and write. The staff had a pool going on how many pages of typing I would bring in here in the morning." - Harold H. Greene
"The secret of food lies in memory - of thinking and then knowing what the taste of cinnamon or steak is." - Jerry Saltz
"I'm not a rock star. Sure I am, to a certain extent because of the situation, but when kids ask me how it feels to be a rock star, I say leave me alone, I'm not a rock star. I'm not in it for the fame, I'm in it because I like to play." - Eddie Van Halen
"I mean, being a child was being a child, was being a creature without power, without pocket money, without escape routes of any kind. So I didn't want to be a child." - Maurice Sendak
"The freedom to criticize judges and other public officials is necessary to a vibrant democracy. The problem comes when healthy criticism is replaced with more destructive intimidation and sanctions." - Sandra Day O'Connor
"There's kind of a cool feel that happens every now and then. I guess that feel is the thing that makes the score its own score. But, I don't know exactly what that is. So, it's hard for me to answer that question." - Danny Elfman
"Man hath still either toys or care: But hath no root, nor to one place is tied, but ever restless and irregular, about this earth doth run and ride. He knows he hath a home, but scarce knows where He says it is so far, that he has quite forgot how to go there." - Henry Vaughan
"The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart." - Yeats, William Butler
"It's a joke to think that anyone is one thing. We're all such complex creatures. But if I'm going to be a poster child for anything, anger's a gorgeous emotion. It gets a bad rap, but it can make great changes happen." - Alanis Morissette
"What the mayors care about is, 'How can I get money to invest in the infrastructure in my city? How do we put people back to work, lower the unemployment rate, provide for job training programs? How do we make class sizes smaller and make investments in our children from an education standpoint?"" - Michael Nutter
"I will not, nor will I ever, publicly divulge sensitive intelligence sources and methods. For when that happens, our national security is endangered and lives can be lost." - John O. Brennan
"You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence." - William Boetcker
"A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life." - William Arthur Ward
"A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them." - James Madison
"Well, I am not really a conventional mom at all. Like, I had my kids really young. I had Danny when I was 18 or 19 and then Liam when I was 23 and Molly, I had when I was a little older." - Monica Potter
"My dad's a beautiful man, but like a lot of Mexican men, or men in general, a lot of men have a problem with the balance of masculinity and femininity - intuition and compassion and tenderness - and get overboard with the macho thing. It took him a while to become more, I would say, conscious, evolved." - Carlos Santana
"Strong, generous, and confident, she has nobly served mankind. Beware how you trifle with your marvellous inheritance, this great land of ordered liberty, for if we stumble and fall freedom and civilization everywhere will go down in ruin." - Henry Cabot Lodge
"Great men are usually the products of their times and one of the men developed by these times takes rank with the greatest railroad leaders in history." - John Moody
"The learned are not agreed as to the time when the Gospel of John was written some dating it as early as the year 68, others as late as the year 98 but it is generally conceded to have been written after all the others." - Simon Greenleaf
"People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.'" - Sinclair Lewis
"The human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public." - George Jessel
"I only do business with the people I do business with. The people I do business with find out I do business with the people I don?t do business with.... I can?t do business with you." - Guare, John
"True friends stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde
"After marriage, the other man's wife looks more beautiful." - Navjot Singh Sidhu
"To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent." - Buddha
"You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness." - Marlon Wayans
"Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing" - Locke, John
"The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come." - Dante Alighieri
"Part of the problem is voters know relatively little about Romney. And some of what they know about him complicates his task: Romney has a history of flip-flopping on issues, he's extraordinarily wealthy, and he can be tone-deaf about what moves voters. He just doesn't seem comfortable in his skin." - Ron Fournier
"I have learned to have more faith in the scientist than he does in himself." - David Sarnoff
"Being a funny person does an awful lot of things to you. You feel that you mustn't get serious with people. They don't expect it from you, and they don't want to see it. You're not entitled to be serious, you're a clown." - Fanny Brice
"Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we don't begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten." - Robert. L. Ehrlich
"Man must feel the earth to know himself and recognize his values... God made life simple. It is man who complicates it." - Charles Lindbergh
"Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included." - Karl Marx
"Gray hair is God's graffiti." - Bill Cosby
"I think marriage and athletes is a bad combination." - Dennis Rodman
"Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers." - Emile M. Cioran
"Have enough sense to know, ahead of time, when your skills will not extend to wallpapering." - Marilyn vos Savant
"Bagel in the morning is the ultimate breakfast for me they're just good." - Lee DeWyze
"We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future men of discernment deal only with the present moment." - Chanakya
"The man who has no inner-life is a slave to his surroundings." - Henri Frederic Amiel
"Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art." - Ansel Adams
"Through all aspects of society be it art, design, the financial markets, government, technology or communications we are witnessing unprecedented global transformation - the result of which is impossible to predict." - Malcolm Mclaren
"It is only by not paying one's bills that one can hope to live in the memory of the commercial classes." - Oscar Wilde
"The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number." - Dave Barry
"Of all religions, the Christian should of course inspire the most tolerance, but until now Christians have been the most intolerant of all men." - Voltaire
"An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself." - Camus, Albert
"All are free to believe or not believe all are free to practice a faith or not. But those who believe must be free to speak of and act on their belief." - Jeff Miller
"What is music anyway? It's a form of communication, and that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people." - Kenny G
"My mom and dad got divorced when I was very young, and growing up in a family where the head of the household wasn't a man made a big difference." - Dave Mustaine
"I'm delirious with joy. It proves that if you confront the universe with good intentions in your heart, it will reflect that and reward your intent. Usually. It just doesn't always do it in the way you expect." - J. Michael Straczynski
"I was an economics major in college, and every summer after school, I would drive my car from California, from Claremont men's college at the time, to New York. And I worked on Wall Street." - Henry Kravis
"Is there any wonder why we are in such big trouble? Any question why the people don't trust their government anymore, and demand a change?" - Chris Christie
"I tried a dozen different modifications that were rejected. But they all served as a path to the final design." - Mikhail Kalashnikov
"All of us have moments in our lives that test our courage. Taking children into a house with a white carpet is one of them." - Erma Bombeck
"In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self." - William Penn
"What I possess I would gladly retain.  Change amuses the mind, yet scarcely profits." - Goethe, Johann Von
"There is nothing like the way people feel after they've seen 'The Intouchables.' They feel amazing. The word of mouth on this film is incredible. It's intelligent-feeling good. You're not insulted by the low-browness or stupidity of some of the humor. It's so smart and terrific." - Harvey Weinstein
"Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained." - Marie Curie
"The secret of a good marriage is forgiving your partner for marrying you in the first place." - Sacha Guitry
"In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers." - Karen Duffy
"I believe, in a funny way, the job of the novelist is to be out there on the fringes and speaking for an experience that has not really been spoken for." - Donna Tartt
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus." - Mark Twain
"All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on." - Havelock Ellis
"Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in." - Amy Lowell
"When I sing, I feel like when you're first in love. It's more than sex. It's that point two people can get to they call love, when you really touch someone for the first time, but it's gigantic, multiplied by the whole audience. I feel chills." - Janis Joplin
"I refused David Letterman's proposal of marriage for obvious reasons, but thanks for asking." - Teri Garr
"Up until the Depression, recession had a moral character: it was supposed to purge the body economic of the greed and excess that attends a business expansion." - James Buchan
"From my first dunk at 14 years old to my second NCAA Championship at the University of Tennessee, my intense training with my dad was always to credit." - Candace Parker
"No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new." - Steve Jobs
"Making good decisions is a crucial skill at every level." - Peter Drucker
"The men and women who serve in our military have won for us every hour we live in freedom, sometimes at the expense of the very hours of the lifetimes they had hoped to live." - Bob Riley
"I rise today to discuss the National Intelligence Reform bill. I commend my colleagues in both Houses for their hard work in coming to an agreement. As with any conference, each voice is heard, but none can dominate and compromise must be achieved." - Ted Stevens
"Even in the common affairs of life, in love, friendship, and marriage, how little security have we when we trust our happiness in the hands of others!" - William Hazlitt
"Our records, if you have a dark sense of humor, were funny, but our records weren't about comedy. They were about protests, fantasy, confrontation and all that." - Ice Cube
"Well, I think one of the main things that you have to think about when acting in the movies is to try not to make the acting show." - James Stewart
"Experience is a revelation in the light of which we renounce our errors of youth for those of age." - Ambrose Bierce
"More company increases happiness, but does not lighten or diminish misery." - Thomas Traherne
"Life is not an easy matter... You cannot live through it without falling into frustration and cynicism unless you have before you a great idea which raises you above personal misery, above weakness, above all kinds of perfidy and baseness." - Leon Trotsky
"Failure is always an option." - Adam Savage
"I did rebel. I was the rebel in my family, because my dad wanted me to go and just travel with him." - Dhani Harrison
"The omission of good is no less reprehensible than the commission of evil." - Plutarch
"I remember lying down for a nap one day at about 4:00 and walking up at 11:00 the next morning." - April Winchell
"The UK is not going to leave the European Union. Of course not. We are inextricably wound up with Europe. In terms of culture, history and geography, we are a European nation." - Nick Clegg
"Real firmness is good for anything strut is good for nothing." - Alexander Hamilton
"Preoccupation with money is the great test of small natures, but only a small test of great ones." - Nicolas Chamfort
"I have no desire to take all black people back to Africa there are blacks who are no good here and will likewise be no good there." - Marcus Garvey
"A girl came up to me in a bar and said she wanted to be my apple pie. I wish I'd said something cool, but I was stunned." - Jason Biggs
"When the principles that run against your deepest convictions begin to win the day, then the battle is your calling, and peace has become sin. You must at the price of dearest peace lay your convictions bare before friend and enemy with all the fire of your faith." - Abraham Kuyper
"Fortune raises up and fortune brings low both the man who fares well and the one who fares badly and there is no prophet of the future for mortal men." - Sophocles
"Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future." - Albert Camus
"It's been such a deep and amazing journey for me, getting close to John Keats, and also I love Shelley and Byron. I mean, the thing about the Romantic poets is that they've got the epitaph of romantic posthumously. They all died really young, and Keats, the youngest of them all." - Jane Campion
"My dad loved black singers. So listening to New Orleans music, eventually I wanted to play an instrument." - Bill Kreutzmann
"The problem is not whether business will survive in competition with business, but whether business will survive at all in the face of social change." - McGinley, Laurence Joseph
""My mom cooked pot roast with noodles and frozen vegetables. Or she'd make spaghetti or hot dogs, or heat up TV dinners. Before I started modeling at age 19, I was 5'8"" and weighed 165 pounds."" - Carol Alt
"We can only learn to love by loving." - Iris Murdoch
"We will see that our new attitude toward liquor has been given to us without any thought or effort on our part. It just comes! That is the miracle of it." - William Griffith Wilson
"We go to school to learn to work hard for money. I write books and create products that teach people how to have money work hard for them." - Robert Kiyosaki
"To walk around with an ego is a bad thing. To have confidence in yourself is a great thing." - Fred Durst
"Being stubborn can be a good thing. Being stubborn can be a bad thing. It just depends on how you use it." - Willie Aames
"But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn." - Emma Watson
"I would rather lose a good earring than be caught without make-up." - Lana Turner
"To be able to design for the plus-sized consumer, for me, that's just beyond. It's a dream." - Khloe Kardashian
"We cannot continue. Our pension costs and health care costs for our employees are going to bankrupt this city." - Michael Bloomberg
"My mother was always working for a job, so I guess I was always trained that I should have multiple jobs, multiple aspirations. And I remember she had multiple aspirations, always hearing about her dreams and things she did in the past and things she wanted to do." - Puff Daddy
"Of all the species of literary composition, perhaps biography is the most delightful. The attention concentrated on one individual gives a unity to the materials of which it is composed, which is wanting in general history." - Robert Hall
"Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith." - Jaclyn Smith
"Anyone who proposes to do good must not expect people to roll stones out of his way, but must accept his lot calmly, even if they roll a few stones upon it." - Albert Schweitzer
"We would make songs, and the producers said we should play it for my dad. I was kind of scared, I didn't know what to think cuz we were just joking around." - Lil' Romeo
"The environment is everything that isn't me." - Albert Einstein
"I think anyone about to leave one job not surprisingly would use their knowledge, their experience, their skills drawn from their previous positions to try and earn a living in the future. That's what happens in all interviews." - Geoff Hoon
"We think a happy life consists in tranquility of mind." - Cicero
"The legal right of a taxpayer to decrease the amount of what otherwise would be his taxes, or altogether avoid them, by means which the law permits, cannot be doubted." - George Sutherland
"No one should have to choose between medicine and other necessities. No one should have to use the emergency room every time a child gets sick. And no one should have to live in constant fear that a medical problem will become a financial crisis." - Brad Henry
"With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world." - Jerry Costello
"In the past, I had my idols but today I enjoy learning from all the soccer I watch." - Andres Iniesta
"To maximize our potential to enhance our health and our knowledge, we should remain open to new understanding and evolving technology or resources that might inspire a change in our approach to these important questions." - Samuel Wilson
"I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world." - Thomas A. Edison
"Almost all the fans I meet are pretty cool people. They're intelligent and tend to think about things a bit more than your average rock'n'roll fans: sensible people I wouldn't mind having a drink with." - Peter Buck
"Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs." - Christopher Morley
"Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which increases with the setting sun of life." - Jean de La Fontaine
"Good design is good business." - Thomas J. Watson
"At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past." - Maurice Maeterlinck
"The dog was created specially for children. He is a god of frolic." - Henry Ward Beecher
"I think through education, belief in God, and good engineering, our children become a lot better at what they're doing than we did, and that starts with the very first sign of life on the face of this earth." - Evel Knievel
"You see so many earnest characters in movies all the time, everyone has a purpose." - Joaquin Phoenix
"Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave." - Indira Gandhi
"Nice to see your home fans boo you. That's what loyal support is." - Wayne Rooney
"It is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for the purposes of spying, and thereby they achieve great results." - Sun Tzu
"My dad is still Christian Scientist. My mom's not, and I'm not. But I believe in God, and that there's a higher power and an intelligence that's bigger than us and that we can rely on. It's not just us, thinking we are the ones in control of everything. That idea gives me support." - Ellen DeGeneres
"The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other." - Mark Hopkins
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." - Leo Tolstoy
"Work ethic has always been stressed in my family. My dad is going to be 80 years old and he still works part time. My mom just retired a couple years ago and she's in her mid- to late 70s." - Jamie Moyer
"To my mind the boy who gives least promise is one in whom the critical faculty develops in advance of the imagination." - Quintilian
"President Obama has offered a plan with 4 trillion dollars in debt reduction over a decade, with two and a half dollars of spending reductions for every one dollar of revenue increases, and tight controls on future spending. It's the kind of balanced approach proposed by the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles commission." - William J. Clinton
"I live in a kind of gay bubble. I live in a gay house, I drive a gay car. I eat gay food." - Julian Clary
"Environmental disaster is the gravest threat to China's continued development. That's according to me, but it is not some wacko view." - James Fallows
"Twilight' is such an amazing project, and I think it opened up doors for all of us cast members.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
2293;I finish so many books it's amazing. I'm also doing Rosetta Stone, learning some French.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
2294;I was blessed, because I come from a family where they knock you down before you float away. I have a lot of brothers who just make sure we have our feet on the ground, and my mom is a rock star. She is an amazing mother.;Kellan Lutz;amazing
2295;When we're on set, we kind of joke around, and when we're rehearsing, we change up the scenes and make each other laugh. We lighten up the mood. The blooper reel is going to be amazing on 'New Moon." - Kellan Lutz
"The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone." - Albert Camus
"In my experience lust only ever leads to misery. All that suspicion and jealousy and anguish it unleashes. I don't want those things in my life." - Chrissie Hynde
"Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others." - Samuel Johnson
"I do not knowingly kill any living thing - including insects or rodents - and I thank my food for sustaining me." - Joan Jett
"I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually." - Lenny Kravitz
"It was dog food. Beef livers with onions in a can. You open it up and it looks like vomit." - Tom Sizemore
"I was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken - and I'd rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as I lived." - Margaret Mitchell
"Make no mistake, a 'yes' vote on the Democrats' health care bill is a vote for taxpayer-funded abortions." - John Boehner
"I was the first boy in the Kennedy family to graduate from college." - Mark Kennedy
"Marriage is a team effort. Both of us share that philosophy." - Nick Lachey
"I made a very conscious effort to finish 'The Cypress House' before 'So Cold the River' launched, because I thought that would help build a buffer between my writing and any impact that came from either the success or the failure of that first book." - Michael Koryta
"Business is thirty percent patience." - Chinese Proverb
"Driving race cars was an avenue for me to learn how to build my own car, and that was my ambition all along." - Caroll Shelby
"I like food too much to go on some crazy diet. French fries are my favorite downfall." - Holly Madison
"I'm somebody who doesn't work with a stylist. I'll be honest with you, I'm a mom and it's just not something I want to put money toward because it's expensive to have somebody who helps dress you and I feel like I have to pay for preschool and so many things... so I don't have a stylist." - Busy Philipps
"Life itself still remains a very effective therapist." - Karen Horney
"Jobs are disappearing from every sector of the economy, from engineering to health care workers, forcing hundreds of thousands of families into unemployment and low-paying jobs." - Jerry Costello
"Look, we know we screwed up when we were in the majority. We fell in love with power. We spent way too much money - especially on earmarks. There was too much corruption when we ran this place. We were guilty. And that's why we lost." - Eric Cantor
"There are never enough I Love You's." - Lenny Bruce
"It may be a cold, clammy thing to say, but those that treat friendship the same as any other selfishness seem to get the most out of it." - E. W. Howe
"Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men." - W. E. B. Du Bois
"You have the right to kill me, but you don't have the right to judge me. That's life. There's nobility in that. There's focus. It's genuine. It's crystal and it's pure and it's available to everybody, so just shut your traps and put down your McDonalds, your vaccines, your Us Weekly, your TMZ and the rest of it." - Charlie Sheen
"Architecture is the reaching out for the truth." - Louis Kahn
"I spend plenty of time in London and it doesn't scare me, but it's a lonely place, even if you've got friends there. My job takes me all around the world, meeting lots of interesting people. But I think if I couldn't get home, if I couldn't get back to what I consider my real life I'd be frightened." - Shirley Henderson
"All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership." - John Kenneth Galbraith
"I've always had an affinity for lawyers. My dad is a lawyer. He's retired now. My brother is a lawyer." - Scott Bakula
"At home in Victoria, we have three dogs, Tosh and Lucy, they're half Blue Heelers, and then there's Torrin a little Maltese terrier. She gets more attention in the house than anyone else! Yes, I miss them a lot." - Chris Hemsworth
"I always try to keep the circumstances in my life fresh. I like to change the physical environment I live in, change the people around me and try to experience things for the first time. I think that keeps one on their toes, creatively and spiritually." - Lenny Kravitz
"The union movement has been the best middle class job creating program that America has ever had, and it doesn't cost the government a dime." - Andy Stern
"Before I was married, I didn't consider my failure to manage even basic hand tools a feminist inadequacy. I thought it had more to do with being Jewish. The Jews I knew growing up didn't do 'do-it-yourself.' When my father needed to hammer something he generally used his shoe, and the only real tool he owned was a pair of needle-nose pliers." - Ayelet Waldman
"Our forefathers got it they got it, man. They took godly principles and they put them into action, and they developed our Constitution - the land of freedom where each man is accountable and responsible for his actions." - Luke Scott
"At every crossroads on the path that leads to the future, tradition has placed 10,000 men to guard the past." - Maurice Maeterlinck
"Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty." - Alfred de Vigny
"The unproductive tillage of human cattle takes that which of right belongs to free labor, and which is necessary for the support and happiness of our own race." - David Wilmot
"When did it become a problem to be a small businessman and become successful? The small businessman - like my father, or like me?" - Glenn Beck
"Once I got married and had kids, I moved away from romantic roles, because it seemed wrong to have my 3-year-old wondering why Daddy was kissing someone else." - Chevy Chase
"A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life." - Jean Ingelow
"I think there's a great beauty to having problems. That's one of the ways we learn." - Herbie Hancock
"I retire with a smile on my face, in good health, and ready to spend autumns at my kids' games instead of my own. I'm excited to start the next chapter of my life." - Drew Bledsoe
"My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool it gives me all the world, and exiles me from it." - Ursula K. Le Guin
"Marriage brings up all the things I pushed to the back burner - the fears, the mistrust, the doubts, the insecurities. It's like opening Pandora's box." - Jennifer Aniston
"Italian girls are famous for being snobby and expecting men to make the first move. In America, if I don't make eye contact, the guys won't come over and talk. American girls just go for it. You men are spoiled." - Silvia Colloca
"I protest that if some great Power would agree to make me always think what is true and do what is right, on condition of being turned into a sort of clock and would up every morning before I got out of bed, I should instantly close with the offer." - Thomas Huxley
"Life is made up of small pleasures. Happiness is made up of those tiny successes. The big ones come too infrequently. And if you don't collect all these tiny successes, the big ones don't really mean anything." - Norman Lear
"For President Obama, 'home of the brave' are not just the last words of our national anthem, but also a call to action. This is why the president's policies and our platform include incentives to train and hire our troops returning home. Not only because of our moral responsibility, but because it makes for a stronger, more secure American economy." - Cory Booker
"The spectacles of experience through them you will see clearly a second time." - Henrik Ibsen
"Stood off and on during the night, determining not to come to anchor till morning, fearing to meet with shoals continued our course in the morning and as the island was found to be six or seven leagues distant, and the tide was against us, it was noon when we arrived there." - Christopher Columbus
"It was a very bizarre experience for me, to get the songs together, go in there, and try to deliver them as I would perhaps in a live setting. But I realized that I couldn't take on that coffeehouse style that I came from and go in there and burn it up." - Jason Mraz
"Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman - or a bad woman it depends on how much happiness you can handle." - George Burns
"The people and the mindset that killed 3,000 of our fellow citizens on September 11 2001, would have killed not 3,000, but 300,000 if they could have or 3 million or 30 million. We need to do everything we can within our value systems and legal structures to make sure that doesn't happen." - Tim Pawlenty
"I might get drunk one day and fall in love or fall over a hooker outside, and I would have consummated a relationship that I couldn't necessarily believe in." - Oliver Reed
"Human-rights advocates, for example, claim that the mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners is of a piece with President Bush's 2002 decision to deny al Qaeda and Taliban fighters the legal status of prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions." - John Yoo
"I do not knowingly kill any living thing - including insects or rodents - and I thank my food for sustaining me." - Joan Jett
"Rome has not seen a modern building in more than half a century. It is a city frozen in time." - Richard Meier
"The deferring of anger is the best antidote to anger." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
"The imagination imitates. It is the critical spirit that creates." - Oscar Wilde
"Family life itself, that safest, most traditional, most approved of female choices, is not a sanctuary: It is, perpetually, a dangerous place." - Margaret Drabble
"God enters by a private door into every individual." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The future is today." - William Osler
"Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year." - Franklin P. Adams
"Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry." - Conrad Hall
"Who sows fear, reaps weapons." - Friedrich Durrenmatt
"You know, we'd just had a birthday, he was... you know, he still had a future out of him, and all I can is he was just one of the most beautiful people in the world... a very gifted man, and it's a loss to the world, not just for us." - Robin Gibb
"The owners don't win by having a lockout. Shutting down your business is not good for anybody and it's certainly not good for the players, it's certainly not good for the fans. And that's most important to us." - Roger Goodell
"No amount of law enforcement can solve a problem that goes back to the family." - J. Edgar Hoover
"The death of democracy is not likely to be an assassination from ambush. It will be a slow extinction from apathy, indifference, and undernourishment." - Robert M. Hutchins
"Every failure is a step to success." - William Whewell
"People are scared to death of dying. I am the opposite." - Taylor Caldwell
"There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment." - Sivananda
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
"I met Woz when I was 13, at a friend's garage. He was about 18. He was, like, the first person I met who knew more electronics than I did at that point. We became good friends, because we shared an interest in computer and we had a sense of humor. We pulled all kinds of pranks together." - Steve Jobs
"Surround yourself with good people. Whether they're the best or not, people are capable of learning if they've got good hearts and they're good souls." - Kid Rock
"Tomorrow morning before we depart, I intend to land and see what can be found in the neighborhood." - Christopher Columbus
"The word is the Verb, and the Verb is God." - Victor Hugo
"Much of the social history of the Western world, over the past three decades, has been a history of replacing what worked with what sounded good." - Thomas Sowell
"I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience." - Debbi Fields
"Love makes a subtle man out of a crude one, it gives eloquence to the mute, it gives courage the cowardly and makes the idle quick and sharp." - Juan Ruiz
"Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape." - William S. Burroughs
"Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace." - James Russell Lowell
"Happiness must be cultivated. It is like character. It is not a thing to be safely let alone for a moment, or it will run to weeds." - Elizabeth Stuart Phelps
"You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart." - An Wang
"We do not believe voters gave President Bush a mandate to turn back the clock decades on so many of our legal protections." - Ralph Neas
"American men, as a group, seem to be interested in only two things, money and breasts. It seems a very narrow outlook." - Hedy Lamarr
"I write in the morning from about eight till noon, and sometimes again a bit in the afternoon. In the morning I start off by going over what I had done the previous day, which my wife has happily typed up for me." - Gene Hackman
"There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible." - Mother Teresa
"I think I'm going to be making country records for as long as I can see into the future. It's much more down-home and real." - Neil Young
"Success always necessitates a degree of ruthlessness. Given the choice of friendship or success, I'd probably choose success." - Sting
"Fortune raises up and fortune brings low both the man who fares well and the one who fares badly and there is no prophet of the future for mortal men." - Sophocles
"We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can." - Will Rogers
"Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do." - Napoleon Hill
"Anger is a transient hatred or at least very like it." - Robert South
"I think what he's - what he believes, and he may be correct, I don't know, that we have some intelligence information that leads us to know some things about what's going on in Iraq that we haven't revealed to others." - Lawrence Eagleburger
"When we tire of well-worn ways, we seek for new. This restless craving in the souls of men spurs them to climb, and to seek the mountain view." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"Yoga is wonderful. It clears up most health problems. It also gives you an overview." - Helen Reddy
"Pervading nationalism imposes its dominion on man today in many different forms and with an aggressiveness that spares no one. The challenge that is already with us is the temptation to accept as true freedom what in reality is only a new form of slavery." - Pope John Paul II
"It would be pretty funny to see a Beverly Hills white girl with mad rap skills." - Tori Spelling
"I want the government to provide the military so we don't get invaded by somebody and destroyed. I want the government to provide the roads so I can get from point A to B. In terms of taking care of my day to day needs, I want to do that myself. I want my community to do that." - Benjamin Carson
"I am interested in computers and technology, and art, photography, and design." - William Landay
"There are more than 30 states, who either by statute or constitutional amendment, have defined marriage as being between a man and a woman." - John Thune
"A man from a primitive culture who sees an automobile might guess that it was powered by the wind or by an antelope hidden under the car, but when he opens up the hood and sees the engine he immediately realizes that it was designed." - Michael Behe
"It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy." - Hillary Clinton
"Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives." - Martha Gellhorn
"History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are." - David McCullough
"I was a great dreamer of day dreams." - Abraham Cahan
"I was up watching Meet Joe Black at four AM. I was hoping Brad Pitt would die, and he was still alive at seven forty in the morning! I actually felt sorry for once, for critics." - Rose McGowan
"Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination." - Edward Abbey
"I am passionate about talking to women about their breast health." - Elizabeth Hurley
"It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead your made for life." - Jimi Hendrix
"I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels.' Starting my production company was a big turning point for me." - Drew Barrymore
"Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool." - Eddie Van Halen
"I lived in small town out in the desert and my friend used to steal his mom's car in the middle of the night. He'd drive over to my house, I'd sneak out and we'd go out to the desert and just burn things down." - Mark Hoppus
"The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile." - Bertrand Russell
"The intelligence investigation under the leadership of Senator Church, which I know has helped cause this investigation by you, points out that the agencies did not disclose certain facts to us and that certain plots were going on." - John Sherman Cooper
"I conceive that the great part of the miseries of mankind are brought upon them by false estimates they have made of the value of things." - Benjamin Franklin
"I've always been able to keep my private life separate from my business." - Ashley Tisdale
"One of the great failings of our education system is that we tend to focus on those who are succeeding in exams, and there are plenty of them. But what we should also be looking at, and a lot more urgently, is those who fail." - Michael Morpurgo
"Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.;Zachary Levi;cool
11125;Films are really cool because, every couple months, or however many times you can get a job because there's a lot of luck involved in that, you're playing a different character.;Zachary Levi;cool
11126;I met Drew Barrymore in New York and she said she liked the band. That was really cool. I grew up on her.;Meg White;cool
11127;It's cool to meet your idols. It's a good opportunity to travel. Those kinds of things are good.;Meg White;cool
11128;Country's hip it's cool music.;Ricky Skaggs;cool
11129;I have snakes, three sharks, moray eels, piranhas, five scorpions and a bird spider. All of them are predators. They are dangerous but it's cool to have strong and powerful pets.;Tracy Morgan;cool
11130;So when I got to be about 13 or 14, I started listening - even though my parents music was way cool - to contemporary hard rock at that time, which was Aerosmith, Cheap Trick, Black Sabbath, AC/DC, Ted Nugent and all that, and that's just where I came from.;Slash;cool
11131;I even knew some of the dialogue but it was definitely cool to look at. We always argue that the movies should be loyal but in this case I could argue that it might have been too loyal.;Todd McFarlane;cool
11132;I'm a guy who likes to watch something cool, creepy and suspenseful and there is no show to watch as an adult that would scare me at for even four seconds.;Todd McFarlane;cool
11133;Our mission for younger people is to do our best to make exercise cool, hip - the thing to do.;Bruce Jenner;cool
11134;I think when you're winning, your uniforms are cool.;Shaun Alexander;cool
11135;I really, really love Hilary Clinton. I think she's very cool. She's out there and she's involved.;Sandra Bernhard;cool
11136;It's cool when your husband starts to sing some old Merle Haggard song and I can pop in with a harmony and it doesn't sound too bad.;Trisha Yearwood;cool
11137;Doing charity work is always cool. It's always a good thing.;Lee DeWyze;cool
11138;I definitely wasn't cool in high school. I really wasn't. I did belong to many of the clubs and was in leadership on yearbook and did the musical theater route, so I had friends in all areas. But I certainly did not know what to wear, did not know how to do my hair, all those things.;Dianna Agron;cool
11139;In New York City, you can walk down the street and see a girl in a trench who looks equally as cool as a girl wearing Lululemon. It's like you're watching models. You see a little of everything right by you.;Hoda Kotb;cool
11140;The sexiest thing about style is if you kind of just take your personality and put it in what you wear. That's what I think is cool.;Jessica Szohr;cool
11141;Fame and stuff like that is all very cool, but at the end of the day, we're all human beings. Although what I do is incredibly surreal and fun and amazing and I'm really grateful for it, I don't believe my own press release, do you know what I mean?;Tom Hardy;cool
11142;I'm not a guy who curses very much in my personal life. When I curse it sounds like a kid trying to be cool. But I think there are quite a few people, my father being one of them, who use curse words rather eloquently.;Justin Halpern;cool
11143;The cool thing about being a songwriter, or a writer, I guess, in general, you can take on a lot of different things, experience a lot of different things, just by writing about them.;Amos Lee;cool
11144;Melanie Fiona is a singer, a songwriter, she's a super-girl. I can be silly, goofy, really chilled. She's like your cool chill girlfriend, sister-friend. I'm just like everybody else.;Melanie Fiona;cool
11145;I don't need to hang out in a posse and try to act cool.;Jeremy London;cool
11146;THE GODS was my first professional band and I learned a lot during that time. It was very cool playing with so many great musicians as it helped me to learn.;Ken Hensley;cool
11147;But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me.;Shannyn Sossamon;cool
11148;Never judge someone by who he's in love with judge him by his friends. People fall in love with the most appalling people. Take a cool, appraising glance at his pals.;Cynthia Heimel;cool
11149;And I now think that Stratocasters and Telecasters are way cool.;John Fogerty;cool
11150;There's a power in women being women. There's a role for men, but we don't have to be men, because we're women. I think that representing that on television is a cool thing.;Jenna Elfman;cool
11151;If you're a kid who's not necessarily attractive, and you don't have money, and you're not hip and cool, chances are you're not going to feel good about yourself and want to be an actor.;Jim McKay;cool
11152;Like I said about Freaked, people tend to find these films, and I think that in the end the cool thing about a movie is that it can be sort of burnt temporarily, but then it's burnt into the fabric of your culture.;Alex Winter;cool
11153;The second we see somebody on the street or meet someone, we make snap judgments about them, about who they are and why we wouldn't necessarily sit with them or why we would or what's cool or not cool.;Max Cannon;cool
11154;Labels don't mean anything to me. I'm trying to play as passionately as I'm able to. If they want to call that cool, that's fine. Just spell the name right, is the formula.;Lee Konitz;cool
11155;I'm pretty content with what I have, but the one thing that I don't have is something like the iPod - but PC-based. I think that would be cool.;Oren Peli;cool
11156;You get to bring your own sound system when you play an arena, all the lights and visual stuff, which I think is really cool. There's something about those old arenas, where it feels larger than life.;Dan Auerbach;cool
11157;All the bands get along really well. That's one of the biggest things on a tour. It's great to get all these cool bands together, but if they don't get along it sucks.;Brandon Thomas;cool
11158;The frustrating part of it is that you're generally known for what you did last. I've had the privilege of doing some very cool independent films that, a lot of the time, the general public doesn't see unless you're at a film festival or you're into that kind of movie.;Hayden Panettiere;cool
11159;For too long, our country's version of an energy policy has consisted of Americans waking up every day and wondering how much it will cost to drive to work, how much it will cost to keep their business running, how much it will cost to heat or cool their homes.;Bob Beauprez;cool
11160;David Lynch and I almost made a movie together in the late '80s. We had lots of dinners and lunches. He's a very cool, hip guy. This film, let's face it, is like an homage to him, I would imagine he'd find it funny.;Martin Short;cool
11161;I like rhythmic things that butt up against each other in a cool kind of way.;Stone Gossard;cool
11162;And I remember as a second or third grader having some autonomy to go to the store if I felt like it, walk home, take my time, kick the can. We were on our own schedule after school, so that was cool.;Stone Gossard;cool
11163;If I could have anyone on speed dial it would be George Clooney. He seems like a cool guy who would give good advice.;Adam Garcia;cool
11164;When you see people who are really good at game shows, the one common attribute is a cool head under pressure: an ability to perform as well in the studio, surrounded by lights and noise, as you do on your couch.;Ken Jennings;cool
11165;I get around OK with a toolbox. As a kid, I picked up skills following my dad through the oil fields of Oklahoma and West Texas. My wife Janine is hard to impress, but she does think it's cool when I fix things around the house.;Ronnie Dunn;cool
11166;I think movies glamorize violence, in the sense that they make it in a way that it's either cool or funny.;Matthew Vaughn;cool
11167;I mean, you have a general tone of it but it's pretty much you get to come in and you're going to flip this car and it's going to blow up and you're going to come out on fire and you go oh, that's cool, and then you get paid a lot of money.;David R. Ellis;cool
11168;They had some really cool rigged cars and things that were different that they would tow behind the camera car that were actually on these trailers that manipulated side to side and stuff like they were getting hit, and actually put the actor right in the middle of the chase.;David R. Ellis;cool
11169;When you're in Los Angeles, nobody bats an eye, they're so used to seeing actors, they just act really cool.;Luke Wilson;cool
11170;I'm always looking for cool stuff to do because that's what we're supposed to do, ya know?;Joshua Homme;cool
11171;I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?;Norman Reedus;cool
11172;You can't not look cool with a crossbow.;Norman Reedus;cool
11173;If I could work with any actor it would have to be Johnny Depp. He is cool.;Ben Nicholas;cool
11174;It is really cool to have created a movie that has turned out to become the biggest movie of the year.;Michael Bay;cool
11175;Well, we played with Soul Coughing once for like two days, that was pretty cool. I mean they were all good, you can pull a great experience from everything.;Mike Lowry;cool
11176;It's a really cool time for artists who want to strive for a little more depth in what they want to say to come forward. We live in a very fast world right now. We've got all this media and music which is so accessible to us, it's here one minute gone the next.;Kimbra;cool
11177;We're gonna try and bring on all the different aspects of horror movie making and bring on guests and show all these old '50's B movies. Not the real corny ones, the real cool ones.;Jerry Only;cool
11178;It's kinda cool seeing people having real fights with people they really know.;Ron Livingston;cool
11179;I want kids of this generation to see that everything is cool, that there's some kind of unity in hip-hop. We all found something that's really important to us, and music is all we've really got.;Missy Elliot;cool
11180;I jumped off a cliff backwards for 'I Am Number Four,' which was pretty cool. I'd never done that before. It took seven takes from different angles and luckily there were no injuries. I came close, though. My head nearly hit the rock at one point.;Alex Pettyfer;cool
11181;We had a huge audience, we sold truckloads of albums. If we do something that's cool, people will listen to it. If we don't, we would be selling people short.;Andy Taylor;cool
11182;I don't particularly dislike any kind of person that might be reading my stuff. They like it and that's cool, but I don't do the work for any kind of group in particular, except for hobos, who just plain kick ass and light up my life.;Jhonen Vasquez;cool
11183;Obviously anything that accessorizes or enhances the iPhone is always pretty cool.;Harry Shum, Jr.;cool
11184;I was asked to do a test commercial shoot for an Apple product which didn't mean much to me at the time. Some music player that holds all your songs. Sounded cool to me and I never gave up an opportunity to work, especially with the possibility of it turning into a national commercial. Coolest job I did in that time.;Harry Shum, Jr.;cool
11185;It's a beautiful thing, diving into the cool crisp water and then just sort of being able to pull your body through the water and the water opening up for you.;Dawn Fraser;cool
11186;Sunday school don't make you cool forever.;Sly Stone;cool
11187;I don't think a show's ever changed networks in the middle of the season before, but it was cool because they gave us those extra couple years of life that was necessary to get us to syndication.;Donal Logue;cool
11188;I think as - all in all, it's better to have a cool president than a not cool president.;Jonah Goldberg;cool
11189;But if the choice is a cool president and 8 or 10 percent unemployment in a declining economy and a country that seems to be going in the wrong direction and structural unemployment for young people at 50 percent, I'd rather have a dorky president who fixed those problems.;Jonah Goldberg;cool
11190;Doing something that warrants the attention of the President of the United States is super cool.;Michael K. Williams;cool
11191;You get to actually see the music video on the TV in the pilot and we have the soundtrack playing at this big party. I thought that was sort of a cool moment, to actually have the A-Ha video is pretty cool.;Will Estes;cool
11192;We had the skirts with the slits up the side, sort of tough, sort of Spanish Harlem cool, but sweet too.;Ronnie Spector;cool
11193;Men, when they fight in movies, it's a very different style. Harrison Ford was so cool when he had the whip, and Bruce Lee was such an artist that you couldn't take your eyes off of him.;Lucy Liu;cool
11194;The cool thing about writing music, writing anything, is that once you publish it, it's there forever.;Ryan Tedder;cool
11195;I am super-proud to have a sort of famous character in my background that if you're a certain age, he was probably a part of your youth. I think that's pretty cool.;Adam Brody;cool
11196;I have been in teen shows for years, so doing that stuff - kissing - is kind of commonplace and not a big deal. It was way more cool just because it was Meg Ryan.;Adam Brody;cool
11197;I think some people record songs and make records a certain way to cater to radio. If you're born to make commercial music that's cool. But if you're born to not make commercial records, maybe you're meant to cater to another market.;Bryan White;cool
11198;It was cool to do someone else's movie. It was a lot of fun.;Jason Mewes;cool
11199;In an online community, there's this kind of social economy between the community members. Some people have status because they make cool skins or that's a good website that's visited a lot, but there's no real gameplay there.;Will Wright;cool
11200;And every now and then people find the bugs, and they interpret those as cool failures in the Sims terms. For them it's like a treasure hunt, you know.;Will Wright;cool
11201;I never really loved school through junior high, but then I started running track my freshman year, and I was just like, 'Wow, this is cool!" - Regina King
"Men always talk about the most important things to perfect strangers. In the perfect stranger we perceive man himself the image of a God is not disguised by resemblances to an uncle or doubts of wisdom of a mustache." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"We cannot sacrifice innocent human life now for vague and exaggerated promises of medical treatments thirty of forty years from now. There are ways to pursue this technology and respect life at the same time." - Ernest Istook
"A father is always making his baby into a little woman. And when she is a woman he turns her back again." - Enid Bagnold
"Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets." - Federico Fellini
"The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful." - Karolina Kurkova
"Writing about music is like dancing about architecture." - Martin Mull
"The best is the enemy of the good." - Voltaire
"A fundamentalist can't bring himself or herself to negotiate with people who disagree with them because the negotiating process itself is an indication of implied equality." - Jimmy Carter
"The mark of a good action is that it appears inevitable in retrospect." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"I've said all along that God is in control." - Tony Dungy
"There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"I can be almost terminally grief-stricken because things are so dire, but at the same time, there's a real lightheartedness about just the recoverability of life, of how things change, how they're not the same, ever again." - Alice Walker
"IBM was the original contractor for much of the computer interface design on the film." - Douglas Trumbull
"If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers." - Joseph Wood Krutch
"I love the name of honor, more than I fear death." - Julius Caesar
"It's very difficult today for girls to become supermodels. There is a lot more competition, a lot of countries in the East have opened up so there are many more models than there were in the Nineties. Now they have to compete with famous actresses but also with, say, reality stars to be on the magazine covers." - Claudia Schiffer
"Fantastic tyrant of the amorous heart. How hard thy yoke, how cruel thy dart. Those escape your anger who refuse your sway, and those are punished most, who most obey." - Matthew Prior
"It comes with faith, for with complete faith there is no fear of what faces you in life or death." - Jacqueline Cochran
"I have too much money invested in sweaters." - Bob Hope
"It's a different outlook, and one that I understand. When you are a former member of the Warsaw Pact, when you have lived behind the Berlin Wall, when you have experienced the communist systems that existed in these countries, for them, the West represents hope." - Jean-Pierre Raffarin
"Laughter is the closest thing to the grace of God." - Karl Barth
"Even though I build buildings and I pursue my architecture, I pursue it as an artist. I deliberately keep a tiny studio. I don't want to be an architectural firm. I want to remain an artist." - Maya Lin
"Whoever is my relative, I will not be nice to them." - George Lopez
"If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms." - Mike Ditka
"It's about time we make the well-being of our young people more important than ideology and politics. As a country, we benefit from investing in their future by investing in teen pregnancy prevention." - Jane Fonda
"Customers want good value, but they care more than ever how food and clothing products are made." - Stuart Rose
"The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions." - Alfred Adler
"That government is best which governs least." - Henry David Thoreau
"My dad was a musician. He was a singer and he played the guitar, so music was always around." - Kris Allen
"Staying married may have long-term benefits. You can elicit much more sympathy from friends over a bad marriage than you ever can from a good divorce." - P. J. O'Rourke
"In all honesty, at that time, I never saw myself as an author... I was just a Mom in a state of panic, trying to enter a short story contest to win the prize money in order to keep the lights on in my home." - Leslie Banks
"It is the failing of youth not to be able to restrain its own violence." - Seneca
"I've never dreamed of a story idea. I have such boring dreams." - R. L. Stine
"At an unprecedented time with the worst attack ever on our soil, our President displayed extraordinary determination, leadership and resolve when history was thrust upon him and the United States." - Olympia Snowe
"My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be." - Robert Mapplethorpe
"I went through this very serious Woody Allen phase in college and a little bit after college. I still see his movies." - Josh Radnor
"The best things in life are silly." - Scott Adams
"I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes." - Peggy Fleming
"Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion." - George Orwell
"I was two years old when my mom put me in mommy and me classes. I always had a lot of energy so it was the perfect fit!" - Aly Raisman
"Sometimes I think it would be easier to avoid old age, to die young, but then you'd never complete your life, would you? You'd never wholly know you." - Marilyn Monroe
"Map out your future - but do it in pencil. The road ahead is as long as you make it. Make it worth the trip." - Jon Bon Jovi
"One of the most predictable things in life is there will be change. You are better off if you can have a say in the change. But you are ignorant or naive if you don't think there will be change, whether you want it to or not." - Julius Erving
"Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for." - Joseph Addison
"Since Castro took power, the Cuban people have been denied basic human freedoms. No freedom of religion, no freedom of the press, no political freedom. And the regime uses brutality and violence to suppress these freedoms and impose its will." - Mitt Romney
"The plain man is familiar with blindness and deafness, and knows from his everyday experience that the look of things is influenced by his senses but it never occurs to him to regard the whole world as the creation of his senses." - Ernst Mach
"If an ass goes travelling he will not come home a horse." - Thomas Fuller
"I wouldn't tell you anything about anybody I cared about because it becomes entertainment for other people, and it sort of just cheapens everything in your life. I would never tell you if I was dating anybody." - Kristen Stewart
"I couldn't bear a marriage in which one partner hinges on the other." - Clive Owen
"President Obama has offered a plan with 4 trillion dollars in debt reduction over a decade, with two and a half dollars of spending reductions for every one dollar of revenue increases, and tight controls on future spending. It's the kind of balanced approach proposed by the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles commission." - William J. Clinton
"I've got my eye on a few things to spend my money on. I've got my own bank card but I am really good with money. I don't spend too much at all." - Justin Bieber
"One must always hope when one is desperate, and doubt when one hopes." - Gustave Flaubert
"The Rooneys are very classy. They're very deliberate with their decision-making. Once you're part of that family, Steeler nation, they treat you with respect. You don't have a lot of rambunctious players running around." - Tony Dorsett
"Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge." - Lao Tzu
"All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it." - Jean Cocteau
"But look, I was born in 1956, the peak year for births in US history. I think I'm very representative of many of the thought processes my generation have been through and, by and large, people of my age have had their imprint planted on the consciousness of western society for a long time." - Tom Hanks
"It is better to be happy for a momen tand be burned up with beauty than to live a long time and be bored all the while." - Marquis, Don
"My imagination completely controls me, and forever feeds the fire that burns with dark red light in my heart by bringing me the best dreams. I've always had a wild imagination, a big heart and a tortured soul so I feel that dark fantasy, love and horror are in my blood." - Kim Elizabeth
"I think the Iraqi people have shown extraordinary patience and courage in the last few months. They have really put a political system on the way to success, to a real democracy here." - Paul Bremer
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." - Colin Powell
"If your neighbors think you're a detective because a cop always brings you home, you might be a redneck." - Jeff Foxworthy
"Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance." - Kim Campbell
"If any country was a mine-shaft canary for the reintroduction of cholera, it was Haiti - and we knew it. And in retrospect, more should have been done to prepare for cholera... which can spread like wildfire in Haiti... This was a big rebuke to all of us working in public health and health care in Haiti." - Paul Farmer
"I came from a broken home, so my mom was a major influence in my life." - Julius Erving
"All money is a matter of belief." - Adam Smith
"I was raised to believe in myself. I know I'm cool. I'm not trying to brag or say I'm the man or anything like that. I don't lie or cheat, and I'm not mean to anybody. I treat people with respect." - Freddie Prinze, Jr.
"The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity." - Rollo May
"History is a set of lies agreed upon." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"I saw Ellen and my knees were weak. It was amazing. And it was very hard for me to get her out of my mind after that. Then when I saw her that night, we started talking, and that's that." - Portia de Rossi
"I have been wildly enthused about gaming since I was younger, and a career path I chose not to go down but did really consider was getting into programming and game design." - Trent Reznor
"There are never enough I Love You's." - Lenny Bruce
"All architecture is great architecture after sunset perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"If you have God on your side, everything becomes clear." - Ayrton Senna
"In terms of having a business, I wanted to let it go beyond what my personal taste is. Basically, I'm in a kilt and a white shirt every day. So, you know, I don't have a lot of scope, and I'm really picky about what I wear." - Marc Jacobs
"I grew up in the world of bad television, on my dad's sets and then as a young schmuck on dating shows and so on." - George Clooney
"Justifying conscription to promote the cause of liberty is one of the most bizarre notions ever conceived by man! Forced servitude, with the risk of death and serious injury as a price to live free, makes no sense." - Ron Paul
"Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them." - Steve Jobs
"Music is all about leadership and there ain't really a lot of leaders." - Young Jeezy
"Nobody, I think, ought to read poetry, or look at pictures or statues, who cannot find a great deal more in them than the poet or artist has actually expressed. Their highest merit is suggestiveness." - Nathaniel Hawthorne
"Once I got married and had kids, I moved away from romantic roles, because it seemed wrong to have my 3-year-old wondering why Daddy was kissing someone else." - Chevy Chase
"No student of Chinese history can say that the Chinese are incapable of religious experience, even when judged by the standards of medieval Europe or pious India." - Hu Shih
"Reading isn't good for a ballplayer. Not good for his eyes. If my eyes went bad even a little bit I couldn't hit home runs. So I gave up reading." - Babe Ruth
"The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different." - Peter Drucker
"I burnt myself out of skating. I was ready to focus on being a mom." - Kristi Yamaguchi
"I think it's horrible that people have to be told. Don't smoke! Everybody knows it's bad for the health. But they have to forbid it." - Karl Lagerfeld
"Art is the only way to run away without leaving home." - Twyla Tharp
"I forgot to shake hands and be friendly. It was an important lesson about leadership." - Lee Iacocca
"Good breeding consists in concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person." - Mark Twain
"Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison." - Henry David Thoreau
"Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk." - Billy Idol
"Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition." - Isaac Asimov
"How strange this fear of death is! We are never frightened at a sunset." - George MacDonald
"And I can tell you that history will back up what I'm about to say and that is that there is no government run by conservatives, Republicans, put whoever you want there, if you give government the opportunity to spend more money than it has, it will do it. It will do it every time." - Marco Rubio
"I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just that his justice cannot sleep forever." - Thomas Jefferson
"I have this horrible sense of humor where I think discomfort is funny - partly because I experience discomfort a lot, and it's a way of laughing at it and getting a release." - Joaquin Phoenix
"I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few." - William Morris
"The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on science and art are as well." - Anton Chekhov
"Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny." - Ben Stein
"It's an interesting combination: Having a great fear of being alone, and having a desperate need for solitude and the solitary experience. That's always been a tug of war for me." - Jodie Foster
"Jealousy is the grave of affection." - Mary Baker Eddy
"To devise an information processing system capable of getting along on its own - it must handle its own problems of programming, bookkeeping, communication and coordination with its users. It must appear to its users as a single, integrated personality." - Cliff Shaw
"Education is important because, first of all, people need to know that discrimination still exists. It is still real in the workplace, and we should not take that for granted." - Alexis Herman
"We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty." - Jonathan Sacks
"More is required of public officials than slogans and handshakes and press releases. More is required. We must hold ourselves strictly accountable. We must provide the people with a vision of the future." - Barbara Jordan
"As long as our government is administered for the good of the people, and is regulated by their will as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property, liberty of conscience and of the press, it will be worth defending." - Andrew Jackson
"A wise and frugal Government, which shall restrain men from injuring one another, which shall leave them otherwise free to regulate their own pursuits of industry and improvement, and shall not take from the mouth of labor the bread it has earned. This is the sum of good government, and this is necessary to close the circlue of our felicities." - Thomas Jefferson
"Puns are a form of humor with words." - Guillermo Cabrera Infante
"We are biological creatures. We are born, we live, we die. There is no transcendent purpose to existence. At best we are creatures of reason, and by using reason we can cure ourselves of emotional excess. Purged of both hope and fear, we find courage in the face of helplessness, insignificance and uncertainty." - Jonathan Sacks
"Put your nose into the Bible everyday. It is your spiritual food. And then share it. Make a vow not to be a lukewarm Christian." - Kirk Cameron
"As for gun control advocates, I have no hope whatever that any facts whatever will make the slightest dent in their thinking - or lack of thinking." - Thomas Sowell
"It's hard for women to talk about these things, and for the doctors to really talk about it too, and to even have the knowledge of what's going on. That's why I'm doing this and urging women to speak out and talk to their doctors frankly." - Cybill Shepherd
"It is evident that skepticism, while it makes no actual change in man, always makes him feel better." - Ambrose Bierce
"Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt." - George Sewell
"My kids have moved more in their twenties, you know, than my parents have moved in nearly 40-something years of marriage before they died. So there's a part of me that laments what we have lost, and that is a sense of community." - Mike Huckabee
"Anything in history or nature that can be described as changing steadily can be seen as heading toward catastrophe." - Susan Sontag
"Men go into marriage with virtually no expectations whatsoever. Ten years later, the men are delightfully surprised to find out that it's actually kind of nice, and the women have sort of had to take a nose dive from what they thought it was going to be." - Elizabeth Gilbert
"To me, anyone with an Australian accent wielding a tennis racket is cool." - Adrian Smith
"Those who intend on becoming great should love neither themselves nor their own things, but only what is just, whether it happens to be done by themselves or others." - Plato
"Wonder is the desire for knowledge." - Thomas Aquinas
"If you're the type of person who has to fulfill your dreams, you've gotta be resourceful to make sure you can do it. I came out to California when I was 21, thinking my New York credentials would take me all the way. I came back home a year later all dejected and a failure." - Vin Diesel
"The thing I care about is my weight - I'm as fanatical about it as a member of Girls Aloud. I weigh myself every morning. I know exactly what I want to be - 82kg - and I try to stick to it." - Tony Parsons
"We need a number of solutions - we need more efficiency and conservation. Efficiency is a big one. I think car companies need to do a lot better in producing more efficient cars. They have the technology, we just need to demand them as consumers." - Daryl Hannah
"I've never been much of a computer guy at least in terms of playing with computers. Actually until I was about 11 I didn't use a computer for preparing for games at all. I was playing a bit online, was using the chess club mainly. Now, obviously, the computer is an important tool for me preparing for my games." - Magnus Carlsen
"You that would judge me, do not judge alone this book or that, come to this hallowed place where my friends' portraits hang and look thereon Ireland's history in their lineaments trace think where man's glory most begins and ends and say my glory was I had such friends." - William Butler Yeats
"Google is working on self-driving cars, and they seem to work. People are so bad at driving cars that computers don't have to be that good to be much better." - Marc Andreessen
"The dictum that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of the pleasant falsehoods which men repeat after one another till they pass into commonplaces, but which all experience refutes." - John Stuart Mill
"Nobody's ever asked me to pay for a meal before I've eaten it, I've never been pulled over just because I was driving the wrong kind of car in the wrong kind of area at the wrong time of night." - Wentworth Miller
"Look at Neil Diamond. Was he the cool guy? No, he was the housewives' guy. He didn't try to be what he wasn't. He just did what he did - made great music, was a good entertainer, nice-enough guy." - Michael Buble
"Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful." - Margaret Mead
"Well, marriage doesn't function in the way it used to in terms of deciding our fate, but it's in our heads, and it determines a lot of our actions. Like, right now, if you think about gay marriage - and they just started having the first gay marriages in New York - it shows what a potent idea marriage remains for people." - Jeffrey Eugenides
"Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. " - Dupuy, Alexis
"I was an economics major in college, and every summer after school, I would drive my car from California, from Claremont men's college at the time, to New York. And I worked on Wall Street." - Henry Kravis
"If newspapers were a baseball team, they would be the Mets - without the hope for those folks at the very pinnacle of the financial food chain - who average nearly $24 million a year in income - 'next year.'" - Eric Alterman
"The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find." - Denis Diderot
"Anger is a momentary madness, so control your passion or it will control you." - G. M. Trevelyan
"On 'Into The Wild' I spent months risking my life and on 'Speed Racer' I spent 60 days acting in front of a green screen. No danger to my physical self, but I sure had to use my imagination." - Emile Hirsch
"First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity." - George Bernard Shaw
"No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit." - Theodor Adorno
"Art is the only way to run away without leaving home." - Twyla Tharp
"The moral flabbiness born of the exclusive worship of the Bitch-Goddess success. That - with the squalid cash interpretation put on the word success - is our national disease." - James, William
"I don't like to produce albums. I hate producing albums, as a matter of fact, because I'm an obsessed mixer and I can't leave it alone." - David Friedman
"When you do find humor in trying times, one of the first and most important changes you experience is that you see your perplexing problems in a new way - you suddenly have a new perspective on them." - Allen Klein
"Let me alone, and go in search of someone else." - Ali ibn Abi Talib
"Courage is like love it must have hope for nourishment." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"In 1960, when I came out of prison as an ex-convict, I had more freedom under parolee supervision than there's available... in America right now." - Merle Haggard
"And when an architect has designed a house with large windows, which is a necessity today in order to pull the daylight into these very deep houses, then curtains come to play a big role in architecture." - Arne Jacobsen
"Politics is repetition. It is not change. Change is something beyond what we call politics. Change is the essence politics is supposed to be the means to bring into being." - Kate Millett
"The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket." - Kin Hubbard
"I'm strongly for a patient Bill of Rights. Decisions ought to be made by doctors, not accountants." - Charles Schumer
"Life is a lot like jazz... it's best when you improvise." - George Gershwin
"Look, if you have somebody who doesn't have health insurance, who doesn't have a doctor or dentist, and in order to deal with their cold or flu or dental problem, they go to an emergency room - in general, that visit will cost ten times more than walking into a community health center." - Bernie Sanders
"Even in high school I was very interested in history - why people do the things they do. As a kid I spent a lot of time trying to relate the past to the present." - George Lucas
"If you continually write and read yourself as a fiction, you can change what's crushing you." - Jeanette Winterson
"But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be." - Alan Watts
"With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me." - Rodney Dangerfield
"Lovers have a right to betray you... friends don't." - Judy Holliday
"I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move." - Robert Louis Stevenson
"I worry whether it's not really the best way to live one's life - trying to fulfill the dreams you had as a child. Maybe it's quite a backwards approach." - Joe Cornish
"After all, I long to be in America again, nay, if I can go home to return no more to Europe, it seems to me that I shall ever enjoy more peace of mind, and even Physical comfort than I can meet with in any portion of the world beside." - John James Audubon
"I thought, well, you might see curves there, but that's just a bone - so even if I lose weight that's not going to change anything. That's how I look. That's my shape. Do the math." - Christina Hendricks
"I am a big fan of smelly cheeses but the rest of the family don't seem to be particularly keen on them." - Johnny Vegas
"When I was younger, I had a perm, and it was really big. My mom was a hairdresser, so even my dad had a perm! I looked like a poodle, but it was cool at the time." - Heidi Klum
"Don't let people disrespect you. My mom says don't open the door to the devil. Surround yourself with positive people." - Cuba Gooding, Jr.
"An important lever for sustained action in tackling poverty and reducing hunger is money." - Gro Harlem Brundtland
"Old age and the passage of time teach all things." - Sophocles
"To Follow by faith alone is to follow blindly." - Benjamin Franklin
"Mere parsimony is not economy. Expense, and great expense, may be an essential part in true economy." - Edmund Burke
"There is no principle worth the name if it is not wholly good." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We have one life it soon will be past what we do for God is all that will last." - Muhammad Ali
"Clarity affords focus." - Thomas Leonard
"The Dolls were an attitude. If nothing else they were a great attitude." - Johnny Thunders
"Act happy, feel happy, be happy, without a reason in the world. Then you can love, and do what you will." - Dan Millman
"In every living thing there is the desire for love." - David Herbert Lawrence
"Depression is the inability to construct a future." - Rollo May
"At some point in your life, if you're lucky, you get to design the way in which things evolve." - Daniel Day-Lewis
"I was born in very sorry circumstances. Both of my parents were very sorry." - Norman Wisdom
"I'm going to marry a Jewish woman because I like the idea of getting up Sunday morning and going to the deli." - Michael J. Fox
"The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind." - Sigmund Freud
"The personal things should be left out of platforms at conventions. You can argue yourself blue in the face, and you're not going to change each other's minds. It's a waste of your time and my time." - Barbara Bush
"If you don't know how to die, don't worry; Nature will tell you what to do on the spot, fully and adequately.  She will do this job perfectly for you; don't bother your head about it." - Montaigne, Michel De
"The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times." - Robert Morgan
"I've had at least my share of tragedy, but I have had far more than my share of happiness." - Pierre Salinger
"To read a newspaper is to refrain from reading something worth while. The first discipline of education must therefore be to refuse resolutely to feed the mind with canned chatter." - Aleister Crowley
"The future is too interesting and dangerous to be entrusted to any predictable, reliable agency. We need all the fallibility we can get. Most of all, we need to preserve the absolute unpredictability and total improbability of our connected minds. That way we can keep open all the options, as we have in the past." - Lewis Thomas
"A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament." - Wilde, Oscar
"We have by far the most expensive health system in the world. We spend 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. Americans spend more on health care than housing or food." - Kathleen Sebelius
"Let them look to the past, but let them also look to the future let them look to the land of their ancestors, but let them look also to the land of their children." - Wilfrid Laurier
"There are five issues that make a fist of a hand that can knock America out cold. They're lack of jobs, obesity, diabetes, homelessness, and lack of good education." - will.i.am
"Remember, half the doctors in this country graduated in the bottom half of their class." - Al McGuire
"I love the freedom that the narrative form provides." - Sidney Sheldon
"It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?" - Jim Carrey
"Madonna remains the most visible performer on the planet, as well as one of the wealthiest, but would anyone seriously say that artistic self-development is her primary motivating principle? She is too busy with Kabbalah, fashion merchandising, adoption melodramas, the gym, and ill-starred horseback riding to study art." - Camille Paglia
"Some of the reasons John McCain lost in 2008 were his lackluster campaign, his refusal to showcase Obama's extreme liberalism and, thus, his failure to demonstrate why he would make a better president than Obama." - David Limbaugh
"Studies show that children best flourish when one mom and one dad are there to raise them." - John Boehner
"Success can be insured only by devising a defense against the contingency plan." - Boyle, Charles P.
"What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later." - Jonathan Sacks
"Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained." - John Stuart Mill
"And also there wasn't much money in television in those days anyhow." - Jim Henson
"I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair." - Hillary Clinton
"So much of design is context." - Steve Madden
"It's an amazing luxury to say I'm 31 years old and I'm gonna take a year off. That's pretty amazing." - Sarah McLachlan
"The ordinary American - as far as I can tell - knows so much less than he did fifty years ago and has such poor work habits compared with fifty years ago that the average multiplicand of knowledge/capabilities is a much smaller number than it was in 1961." - Ben Stein
"What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?" - Vincent Van Gogh
"Design is people." - Jane Jacobs
"Never permit failure to become a habit." - William Frederick Book
"Craziest thing I've done for love is getting married. I think it's crazy. I think it's crazy, crazy, crazy. I'm never going to say I wouldn't do it again but I have to make sure it's love and not settling for the 'I have to do this by a certain age,' which is kind of what I did." - Jenny McCarthy
"Boston is actually the capital of the world. You didn't know that? We breed smart-ass, quippy, funny people. Not that I'm one of them. I just sorta sneaked in under the radar." - John Krasinski
"I'm like a really goofy home ec teacher." - Alton Brown
"My advice to people today is as follows: if you take the game of life seriously, if you take your nervous system seriously, if you take your sense organs seriously, if you take the energy process seriously, you must turn on, tune in, and drop out." - Timothy Leary
"If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only." - Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"Writing is a form of therapy sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation." - Graham Greene
"I can't see any value in being a celebrity, famous for being famous." - Noomi Rapace
"People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music." - Lenny Kravitz
"I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself." - Michael Fassbender
"I just thank God for all of the blessings." - James Brown
"Well I've written four beauty books as well." - Joan Collins
"You have to have hope. It's irresponsible to give false hope, which I think a lot of playwrights are guilty of. But I also think it's irresponsible to simply be a nihilist, which quite a lot of playwrights, especially playwrights younger than me, have become guilty of." - Tony Kushner
"Every great person is always being helped by everybody for their gift is to get good out of all things and all persons." - John Ruskin
"You learn timing on the road. You learn structure and how to read an audience. You learn so much about the business of laughter that you can't learn on a set, because it's all on you. Sometimes you bomb, and you know not to tell that joke again... You just hope people find the humor in the awkwardness." - Marlon Wayans
"I came out of the Soviet Union no longer a communist, because I believed in personal freedom." - Rose Wilder Lane
"When you reach a certain status in Hollywood, you have to play a lot of games to stay in the limelight. It becomes more about being famous than being an actor." - Jason Lee
"I mean, I love L.A. - I love living here. But I wish that we could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time. It's a unique thing to Hollywood that if you don't do that every time, then you're considered a failure." - Kristen Stewart
"Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life. He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress, lifetime members of his own political party, the American people and the world." - Barry Goldwater
"My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East." - Andy Serkis
"It is wise to apply the oil of refined politeness to the mechanism of friendship." - Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
"Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting." - Charles Kingsley
"Australia is the only island continent on the planet, which means that changes caused by planet-warming pollution - warmer seas, which can drive stronger storms, and more acidic oceans, which wreak havoc on the food chain - are even more deadly here." - Jeff Goodell
"Having a clear faith, based on the creed of the church is often labeled today as fundamentalism. Whereas relativism, which is letting oneself be tossed and swept along by every wind of teaching, look like the only attitude acceptable to today's standards." - Joseph Ratzinger
"Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church." - Lynn Johnston
"People who have car collections - I never understood that. I always thought that was unnecessary. It's not beautiful, it's not creative. It's just showing how much money you've got." - Daniel Radcliffe
"God cannot alter the past, though historians can." - Samuel Butler
"There is much to be said for failure. It is much more interesting than success." - Max Beerbohm
"So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it." - Bill Watterson
"The Supreme Court's only armor is the cloak of public trust its sole ammunition, the collective hopes of our society." - Irving R. Kaufman
"We shall never get people whose time is money to take much interest in atoms." - Samuel Butler
"Legislation passed in the aftermath of September 11, 2001 enhanced our intelligence capabilities and strengthened our national defense, but until now our nation's immigration policies have not adapted to the needs of a post-September 11th world." - Chris Chocola
"But you say, does it represent change? The change is that we are fighting an insurance industry that has killed health reform for generations. They're spending tens of millions of dollars right now to defeat this bill, and we're on the doorstep of winning a great victory for the American people." - David Axelrod
"We take the shortest route to the puck and arrive in ill humor." - Bobby Clarke
"The main foundations of every state, new states as well as ancient or composite ones, are good laws and good arms you cannot have good laws without good arms, and where there are good arms, good laws inevitably follow." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer." - Bruce Lee
"Hath the spirit of all beauty Kissed you in the path of duty?" - Anna Katharine Green
"Dreams are where we visit the many lands and landscapes of human possibility and discover the one where we feel at home. The great religious leaders were all dreamers." - Jonathan Sacks
"Happiness is realizing that nothing is too important." - Antonio Gala
"A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil." - Victor Hugo
"Energy and environmental regulation, transportation, and broadband policy all benefit when legislators have a basic grounding in the technical concepts behind business models, products, and innovation." - John Sununu
"It is from the traditional family that we absorb those universal ideals and principles which are the teaching of Jesus, the bedrock of our religious faith. We are taught the difference between right and wrong, and about the law, just punishment and discipline." - Kamisese Mara
"If we are to survive, we must have ideas, vision, and courage. These things are rarely produced by committees. Everything that matters in our intellectual and moral life begins with an individual confronting his own mind and conscience in a room by himself." - Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.
"It was all that stuff about taking your parents' car when you're 13, sneaking booze into rock shows and ditching school with your friends. I could relate to that as a former teenager, rather than as a present parent." - Donal Logue
"Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes." - Hugh Prather
"Dreaming men are haunted men." - Stephen Vincent Benet
"Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams." - Ashley Smith
"Beauty is often worse than wine intoxicating both the holder and beholder." - John Zimmerman
"When friendship disappears then there is a space left open to that awful loneliness of the outside world which is like the cold space between the planets. It is an air in which men perish utterly." - Hilaire Belloc
"I am what I am, I'm doing very well in my life, and I'm thankful to God for that." - LL Cool J
"Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos." - Stephen Sondheim
"My grandfather, along with Carnegie, was a pioneer in philanthropy, which my father then practiced on a very large scale." - David Rockefeller
"If only life could be a little more tender and art a little more robust." - Alan Rickman
"No, I think the future of humanity will be like the past, we'll do what we've always done and there will still be human beings. Granted, there will always be people doing something different and there are a lot of possibilities." - Octavia Butler
"No matter how mistaken Communist ideas may be, the experience and knowledge gained by trying them out have given a tremendous impetus to thought and imagination." - Anne Sullivan Macy
"Among all the tests President Obama faced in his first term, his biggest failure was climate change." - Jeff Goodell
"A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up." - Neil Gaiman
"A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world." - Oscar Wilde
"The greatest pleasure of life is love." - Temple, William
"My dad was a musician and I traveled around with him, so it was something that I knew." - Taryn Manning
"The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values." - William S. Burroughs
"I wish they'd had electric guitars in cotton fields back in the good old days. A whole lot of things would've been straightened out." - Jimi Hendrix
"A man is ethical only when life, as such, is sacred to him, that of plants and animals as that of his fellow men, and when he devotes himself helpfully to all life that is in need of help." - Albert Schweitzer
"Every piece of entertainment is made with the idea that 'This is going to be terrific' and 'This is the best thing I've ever done' and then it hits the public and then the public tells you whether it's good or bad." - William Shatner
"Being an actor means asking people to look at you. I guess I accept that. But it's a profession in which the job is to show another world and other people. You may access it through bits of yourself, and your imagination and experience, but actually, in the end, you're not playing yourself." - Ralph Fiennes
"In the future, torture will once again become the recreational sport of the rich." - Doug Coupland
"You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete." - Keith Sweat
"A mortal lives not through that breath that flows in and that flows out.  The source of his life is another and this causes the breath to flow." - Kabbalah
"Regardless of what one's attitude towards prohibition may be, temperance is something against which, at a time of war, no reasonable protest can be made." - William Lyon Mackenzie King
"To be happy, we must be true to nature and carry our age along with us." - William Hazlitt
"And I don't have any specific steps to take because I don't start the same way every time. But there is a knowing when it's enough and you can leave it alone." - Bruce Nauman
"I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time." - Zooey Deschanel
"It's the beauty and curse of doing a daily show. Some days you've got nothing to talk about and other days Dick Cheney shoots his lawyer in the face and everyone is happy." - Craig Ferguson
"Doorman - a genius who can open the door of your car with one hand, help you in with the other, and still have one left for the tip." - Dorothy Kilgallen
"I say grace. I'm a big believer in grace. I happen to believe in a God that made all the food and so I'm pretty grateful for that and I thank him for that. But I'm also thankful for the people that put the food on the table." - Alton Brown
"Compassion is a call, a demand of nature, to relieve the unhappy as hunger is a natural call for food." - Joseph Butler
"I did commit to myself that I would not jump back into being the workaholic that I can be before I gave myself an honest opportunity to create the marriage of my dreams and to create the beginning of the family of my dreams, and that took a hot second." - Alanis Morissette
"I hear the way people talk about the children of famous people. They're not treated very well. The presumptions are usually quite awful. So I tried to establish myself with a couple of movies. After 'Juno' I thought: 'I think I've defined myself enough as my own director that I'd love to work with my father.'" - Jason Reitman
"The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read. It will be the person who does not know how to learn." - Alvin Toffler
"I have known a vast quantity of nonsense talked about bad men not looking you in the face. Don't trust that conventional idea. Dishonesty will stare honesty out of countenance any day in the week, if there is anything to be got by it." - Charles Dickens
"Whether it's a 16-year old girl, or a mom, or a guy, or anybody, as long as they come up and they're excited to meet me 'cause they've had some sort of relationship with something I've created, it's the coolest thing ever. It never gets old. It's awesome." - Andy Grammer
"Mothers don't let your daughters grow up to be models unless you're present." - Janice Dickinson
"If it's your job to eat a frog, it's best to do it first thing in the morning. And If it's your job to eat two frogs, it's best to eat the biggest one first." - Mark Twain
"I just went off for two months traveling around Europe on a motorcycle and pretty much turned my phone off. I did 5,000 miles with my dad. We went through Holland, Germany, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Montenegro, Italy... and then I did Spain and France by myself." - Michael Fassbender
"Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings." - Ellen DeGeneres
"I suppose there's a melancholy tone at the back of the American mind, a sense of something lost. And it's the lost world of Thomas Jefferson. It is the lost sense of innocence that we could live with a very minimal state, with a vast sense of space in which to work out freedom." - George Will
"Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society." - John Adams
"I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all. That is something that you cannot say aloud, or perhaps even think." - Sigmund Freud
"I can tell you that the Canadian intelligence and law enforcement agencies have been providing outstanding co-operation with our intelligence and law enforcement agencies as we work together to track down terrorists here in North America and put them out of commission." - Paul Cellucci
"My hope was that organizations would start including this range of skills in their training programs - in other words, offer an adult education in social and emotional intelligence." - Daniel Goleman
"It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age." - Margaret Mead
"I tell people, 'It's just like a cliche, but it's true: In Hollywood, dreams can come true.'" - Michael Clarke Duncan
"Study history, study history. In history lies all the secrets of statecraft." - Winston Churchill
"Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper." - Jean Cocteau
"A lot of people in the media, and some everyday people, really aren't in search of the truth. They're in search of something worse than that. Money, yeah. I think the media's the kind of a thing where the truth doesn't win, because it's no fun. The truth's no fun." - Jack White
"Excess generally causes reaction, and produces a change in the opposite direction, whether it be in the seasons, or in individuals, or in governments." - Plato
"Hollywood people want to build you up and make you famous only to knock you off you're the pedestal they built for you." - Morgan Brittany
"I feel like I was writing as I was learning to talk. Writing was always a go-to form of communication. And I knew I could sing from being in tune with the radio." - Frank Ocean
"You have to look at the history of the Middle East in particular. It has been one of failure and frustration, of feudalism and tribalism." - Alexander Haig
"Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant." - Tony Robbins
"The people recognize themselves in their commodities they find their soul in their automobile, hi-fi set, split-level home, kitchen equipment." - Herbert Marcuse
"Being a child at home alone in the summer is a high-risk occupation. If you call your mother at work thirteen times an hour, she can hurt you." - Erma Bombeck
"The thing about the UK is we don't really make that many great movies." - Jason Statham
"I used to think like Moses. That knocked me down for a couple years and put me in prison. Then I start thinking like Job. Job waited and became the wealthiest and richest man ever 'cause he believed in God." - James Brown
"Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half." - Plato
"I first learned that there were black people living in some place called other than the United States in the western hemisphere when I was a very little boy, and my father told me that when he was a boy about my age, he wanted to be an Episcopal priest, because he so admired his priest, a black man from someplace called Haiti." - Henry Louis Gates
"Health food makes me sick." - Calvin Trillin
"Propelled by freedom of faith, gender equality and economic justice for all, India will become a modern nation. Minor blemishes cannot cloak the fact that India is becoming such a modern nation: no faith is in danger in our country, and the continuing commitment to gender equality is one of the great narratives of our times." - Pranab Mukherjee
"For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off." - Johnny Carson
"Obviously the facts are never just coming at you but are incorporated by an imagination that is formed by your previous experience. Memories of the past are not memories of facts but memories of your imaginings of the facts." - Philip Roth
"So much of it is the design of the shot or the motion of the character it's the work you do so that it has the same things that are in the movie. In just a few frames it's got to communicate something clearly and dramatically." - Dennis Muren
"Mediocre men work at their best men seeking excellence strive to do better." - Edwin Louis Cole
"I had a lot of experience with people smarter than I am." - Gerald R. Ford
"Retirement at sixty-five is ridiculous. When I was sixty-five I still had pimples." - George Burns
"In Illinois, community, migrant, homeless and public housing health centers operate 268 primary care sites and serve close to 1 million patients every year." - Jan Schakowsky
"I carry groceries home on the tank of my motorcycle." - Stephan Jenkins
"Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save." - Rogers, Will
"In youth we learn in age we understand." - Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
"The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love." - Hubert H. Humphrey
"Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done." - Linus Torvalds
"The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone." - Albert Camus
"Really, each era has its own false nostalgia. We all put a picket fence up around something. For my generation it was the '50s, and for other generations it will be something else. Change is scary for everyone, as is complexity, contradiction, and an uncertain future." - Gary Ross
"Inspirations never go in for long engagements they demand immediate marriage to action." - Brendan Francis
"It is the paradox of life that the way to miss pleasure is to seek it first. The very first condition of lasting happiness is that a life should be full of purpose, aiming at something outside self." - Hugo Black
"Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness." - Sigmund Freud
"I'm not asking any of you to make drastic changes to every single one of your recipes or to totally change the way you do business. But what I am asking is that you consider reformulating your menu in pragmatic and incremental ways to create healthier versions of the foods that we all love." - Michelle Obama
"God's delays are not God's denials." - Robert H. Schuller
"Elia Kazan understood my problems. He was able to bring out the very best in me. He gave me credit for my intelligence." - Ethel Waters
"I think that the romantic impulse is in all of us and that sometimes we live it for a short time, but it's not part of a sensible way of living. It's a heroic path and it generally ends dangerously. I treasure it in the sense that I believe it's a path of great courage. It can also be the path of the foolhardy and the compulsive." - Jane Campion
"Our imagination just needs space. It's all it needs, that moment where you just sort of stare into the distance where your brain gets to sort of somehow rise up." - Glen Hansard
"Knowledge is what we get when an observer, preferably a scientifically trained observer, provides us with a copy of reality that we can all recognize." - Christopher Lasch
"In the end I didn't get a top car any more. I had no toughness left. That was the reality." - Jacky Ickx
"So that ideas of sort of relaxed symmetry have been something for years that I have been concerned with because I think that symmetry is a neutral shape as opposed to a form of design." - Robert Rauschenberg
"The worst part about celebrating another birthday is the shock that you're only as well as you are." - Anne Lamott
"Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished." - Og Mandino
"Things were a lot simpler in Detroit. I didn't care about anything but boyfriends." - Madonna Ciccone
"The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy." - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
"We have forty million reasons for failure, but not a single excuse." - Rudyard Kipling
"When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude." - Gilbert K. Chesterton
"I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific." - Mitch Hedberg
"One can know a man from his laugh, and if you like a man's laugh before you know anything of him, you may confidently say that he is a good man." - Fyodor Dostoevsky
"All mankind loves a lover." - Emerson, Ralph Waldo
"The highest and most beautiful things in life are not to be heard about, nor read about, nor seen but, if one will, are to be lived." - Soren Kierkegaard
"While I relish our warm months, winter forms our character and brings out our best." - Tom Allen
"Americans have so far put up with inequality because they felt they could change their status. They didn't mind others being rich, as long as they had a path to move up as well. The American Dream is all about social mobility in a sense - the idea that anyone can make it." - Fareed Zakaria
"But you can count the dead bodies from alcohol, tobacco, and legal pharmaceuticals by the millions." - Jack Herer
"If solace is any sort of succor to someone, that is sufficient. I believe in the faith of people, whatever faith they may have." - Studs Terkel
"If a course needs to be in great condition to be played effectively, then the design strategy is flawed." - Tom Watson
"I get that same queasy, nervous, thrilling feeling every time I go to work. That's never worn off since I was 12 years-old with my dad's 8-millimeter movie camera." - Steven Spielberg
"I failed the LSAT. Basically, if I had not failed, I'd have been a lawyer and there would be no Spanx. I think failure is nothing more than life's way of nudging you that you are off course. My attitude to failure is not attached to outcome, but in not trying. It is liberating." - Sara Blakely
"Whatever we do or fail to do will influence the course of history." - Arthur Henderson
"Bachelors have consciences, married men have wives." - Samuel Johnson
"There are high spots in all of our lives and most of them have come about through encouragement from someone else. I don't care how great, how famous or successful a man or woman may be, each hungers for applause." - George Matthew Adams
"There's so little money in my bank account, my scenic checks show a ghetto." - Phyllis Diller
"As far as writing, I like watching bad movies. Nothing stops me in my tracks more than watching a great film like 'The Godfather' or 'Dog Day Afternoon' or 'The Graduate.' You watch one of those, and you never want to write again. Whereas with bad movies, it makes you think, If that counts, I certainly could write." - Jason Reitman
"If I test the car for a year I can be quite competitive the next season." - Valentino Rossi
"I hope I'm still shooting when I'm 80." - Conrad Hall
"So if I want to buy a light in a shop and I don't find a light that I like, I think to myself what would I like? What would I like to buy? Then I started to imagine and design it for myself a lot of the time." - Marc Newson
"Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future." - Brian Tracy
"It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity." - Mahatma Gandhi
"I hope I never get so old I get religious." - Ingmar Bergman
"Happiness and virtue rest upon each other the best are not only the happiest, but the happiest are usually the best." - Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
"I think happiness comes from self-acceptance. We all try different things, and we find some comfortable sense of who we are. We look at our parents and learn and grow and move on. We change." - Jamie Lee Curtis
"To apologize is to lay the foundation for a future offense." - Ambrose Bierce
"History is a race between education and catastrophe." - H. G. Wells
"What I hope is in five years' time, I can go to the British people in the election and say: Lots of you doubted that coalition politics worked, but it has worked." - Nick Clegg
"Freedom means the right of people to assemble, organize, and debate openly." - Hillary Clinton
"G.I. humor is similar to cop humor." - Nelson DeMille
"There are some movies that I would like to forget, for the rest of my life. But even those movies teach me things." - Antonio Banderas
"Regarding life, the wisest men of all ages have judged alike: it is worthless." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race. There is no other way. And in order to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently." - Harry A. Blackmun
"The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful one must sense him everywhere but never see him." - Gustave Flaubert
"Studies have consistently shown that financial hardship is the biggest obstacle to heterosexual marriage, yet the Republican leadership has done precious little to help address the financial hardship faced by American families." - Kendrick Meek
"There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride, they have yielded to the perennial temptation." - Walter Lippmann
"I grew up in Greenwich Village. Dad was friends with John Lennon and Yoko Ono." - Yancy Butler
"It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous." - Aldous Huxley
"Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous." - Coco Chanel
"I think anybody with any intelligence sits down and sees Star Trek not a kids' show." - Nichelle Nichols
"Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths. No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century." - Twain, Mark
"The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities." - Pat Metheny
"Government alone cannot solve the problems we deal with in our correctional facilities, treatment centers, homeless shelters and crisis centers - we need our faith-based and community partners." - Dirk Kempthorne
"A belief in God is vitally important, not just in show business, but stability in life. You know, to recognize deity is the most important thing that you can do. I mean, it comes to the Ten Commandments. They weren't ten suggestions. They were Ten Commandments." - Donny Osmond
"I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church." - Paul Lynde
"To avoid ignorance and bullying, I've had to hide the fact that I'm a troll. You have no idea how much time and money I've spent on electrolysis and hair dye and reconstructive surgery so I can look like this." - Jon Cryer
"Hollywood people want to build you up and make you famous only to knock you off you're the pedestal they built for you." - Morgan Brittany
"I live to hail that season by gifted one foretold, when men shall live by reason, and not alone by gold." - George Linnaeus Banks
"Yeah, I get to fight in 'Eclipse.' My trainer is teaching me MMA right now. So. Cool." - Ashley Greene
"There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends." - Thomas Fuller
"The Internet has brought communities across the globe closer together through instant communication." - Mike Fitzpatrick
"The buildings that I build very often have a dreamlike reality. I don't mean by that they have a fantasy quality at all, in fact quite the reverse. They contain in some degree the ingredients that give dreams their power... stuff that's very close to us." - Christopher Alexander
"To have a great man for a friend seems pleasant to those who have never tried it those who have, fear it." - Horace
"So, yes, there's nothing I love more than listening to directors talk about their movies." - Jodie Foster
"The reserve of modern assertions is sometimes pushed to extremes, in which the fear of being contradicted leads the writer to strip himself of almost all sense and meaning." - Winston Churchill
"My mom and dad - they were always there. They were always on the set. They focused on our family life. The entertainment business wasn't the end-all. They weren't out to get the next big paycheck or the next big movie. It was about 'What can we do as a family.'" - Candace Cameron Bure
"I'm not a romantic. In life I didn't have much experience with romance." - Ang Lee
"The idea that a congressman would be tainted by accepting money from private industry or private sources is essentially a socialist argument." - Newt Gingrich
"Just as we reject racism, sexism, ageism, and heterosexism, we reject speciesism. The species of a sentient being is no more reason to deny the protection of this basic right than race, sex, age, or sexual orientation is a reason to deny membership in the human moral community to other humans." - Gary L. Francione
"I looked on child rearing not only as a work of love and duty but as a profession that was fully as interesting and challenging as any honorable profession in the world and one that demanded the best that I could bring to it." - Rose Kennedy
"Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of." - Emmylou Harris
"Words today are like the shells and rope of seaweed which a child brings home glistening from the beach and which in an hour have lost their luster." - Cyril Connolly
"Guantanamo allows us to secure dangerous detainees without the risk of escape, while at the same time providing us with valuable intelligence information on how best to proceed in the war against terror and prevent future attacks." - Jim Ryun
"But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents." - Daniel Greenberg
"You know what I really love? The CD players in a car. How when you put the CD right up by the slot, it actually takes it out of your hand, like it's hungry. It pulls it in, and you feel like it wants more silver discs." - Tom Waits
"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle
"Helplessness induces hopelessness, and history attests that loss of hope and not loss of lives is what decides the issue of war." - B. H. Liddell Hart
"I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.'" - Caroll Shelby
"Illiteracy is rampant. People are out of communication." - Karen Black
"The great advantage of a hotel is that it is a refuge from home life." - George Bernard Shaw
"But 85 percent of the mosques have extremist leadership in this country. Most Muslims, the overwhelming majority of Muslims, are loyal Americans." - Peter King
"For most of my life, I've thought of myself as pretty cool." - Nikki Giovanni
"To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting." - e. e. cummings
"Even as a kid I was never the generator of humor, but I always knew who was funny, who to hang out with." - Andrew Stanton
"The Law of God reaches into every area of life, and it brings about incredible blessing and incredible freedom." - Randall Terry
"It is not death, it is dying that alarms me." - Montaigne, Michel De
"Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety." - Plato
"The record business is dangerous to the health of bands and individuals, which is something I'm just now learning. But it's not dangerous in any of the ways people think it's not that they try to make you compromise your art. That's not the problem." - T-Bone Burnett
"My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field." - Carol Vorderman
"Well, I design costumes because I started with the theater in Chicago, but somehow a few lines just sort of fell to me to do it. And I studied it in school and I always liked it." - John Malkovich
"After wrestling with myself for six months, I began medical treatment. During that time I started a band with some friends of mine called Jack's Car, but that didn't last." - Jack Irons
"When you start fooling around with drugs, you're hurting your creativity, you're hurting your health. Drugs are death, in one form or another. If they don't kill you, they kill your soul. And if your soul's dead, you've got nothing to offer, anyway." - Paul Stanley
"There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow." - Orison Swett Marden
"I try to push ideas away, and the ones that will not leave me alone are the ones that ultimately end up happening." - J. J. Abrams
"To get rich never risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth." - Richard Baker
"Experts tell us that 90% of all brain development occurs by the age of five. If we don't begin thinking about education in the early years, our children are at risk of falling behind by the time they start Kindergarten." - Robert. L. Ehrlich
"I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can." - Lil Wayne
"If they had said my writing wasn't good enough, fair enough, that's an opinion. But to say it's too complex is to insult the intelligence of the so-called young." - Tanith Lee
"Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give luster, and many more people see than weigh." - Lord Chesterfield
"With all due respect to lawyers, it's wonderful that you have this intricate knowledge. You break down words to the nth degree. And sometimes I find it rather disgusting. And it goes on and on." - Sonny Bono
"If you think of what food is, it's the energy we use to do our daily work. I want people to know about the USDA. This is a very important department. It's not fully appreciated as such." - Tom Vilsack
"When you're in love it's the most glorious two and a half days of your life." - Richard Lewis
"I grew up loving horses. I was relatively obsessed, starting with my rocking horse at age 2, all the way through my painting and drawing phase." - Diane Lane
"The methods by which a trade union can alone act, are necessarily destructive its organization is necessarily tyrannical." - Henry George
"I don't want to transform America. I want to restore to America the economic values of freedom and opportunity and limited government that has made us the powerhouse of the world." - Mitt Romney
"No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed." - Godfrey Winn
"An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence." - Raymond Chandler
"If I don't get food in my mouth, I'm still happy. If my pants are round my ankles, as long as I don't get arrested for indecent exposure, I'm happy. I'm worried about keeping my hair, not how it's combed." - Michael J. Fox
"Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all." - Winston Churchill
"There is a misleading, unwritten rule that states if a quote giving advice comes from someone famous, very old, or Greek, then it must be good advice." - Bo Bennett
"My family is from the South, and I can remember all those ladies I grew up with, like my great-aunts, who had handkerchiefs. There's something sweet about them." - Laura Linney
"Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger." - Francis Quarles
"My dad was a singer in a band and neither of my parents went to college, and I ended up getting into Harvard and was the first person in my family that went to college and it happened to be Harvard." - Dean Norris
"Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners." - Vladimir Lenin
"Animals, they are one of the most beautiful gifts we have and, you know, if there are people that have compassion, there are very few people that put their money into animal rescue organizations. And if there is someone that has that passion, animals need all the help they can get." - Alyssa Milano
"They played Boston. They played at the Boston Tea Party and through an amazing chain of events I got to hang out with them backstage even though I was underage." - Jonathan Richman
"Everyone designs who devises courses of action aimed at changing existing situations into preferred ones." - Herbert Simon
"Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again." - Cat Stevens
"Billions of people have seen and been influenced by movies in the short history of this industry." - Conrad Hall
"I like to deal with EVERY aspect of our condition, and that means terror and humor in equal mix. Some books have more room for humor than others." - Dean Koontz
"There are no easy answers' but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right." - Ronald Reagan
"The most common objection that I hear to walking as exercise is that it's too easy, that only sweaty, strenuous activity offers real benefits. But there is abundant evidence that regular, brisk walking is associated with better health, including lower blood pressure, better moods and improved cholesterol ratios." - Andrew Weil
"The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability." - Chanakya
"Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change." - Eric McCormack
"A physician without a knowledge of Astrology has no right to call himself a physician." - Hippocrates
"And, in fact, you can find that the lack of basic resources, material resources, contributes to unhappiness, but the increase in material resources do not increase happiness." - Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi
"No man is a failure who is enjoying life." - William Feather
"In most of the world, it is accepted that if animals are to be killed for food, they should be killed without suffering." - Peter Singer
"Life is the art of drawing without an eraser." - John W. Gardner
"We all know how powerful the web can be for raising political money. Well, if you're game, the Duke Cunningham Legal Defense Fund is apparently ready to accept your donation." - Joshua Micah Marshall
"Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting." - George Orwell
"Sometimes Americans don't quite get my sense of humor. My good ol' British sarcasm seems to go over their heads." - Lee Westwood
"This President takes his inspiration from the capitals of Europe we look to the cities and small towns of America. This President puts his faith in government. We put our faith in the American people." - Mitt Romney
"A ball player has to be kept hungry to become a big leaguer. That's why no boy from a rich family has ever made the big leagues." - Joe DiMaggio
"Marriage, it seems, confines every man to his proper rank." - Jean de la Bruyere
"Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding." - Louis Gerstner
"We consider Christmas as the encounter, the great encounter, the historical encounter, the decisive encounter, between God and mankind. He who has faith knows this truly let him rejoice." - Pope Paul VI
"My father was always depressed. When he was home and sober, he was mostly in his room." - Sherman Alexie
"When you pray for anyone you tend to modify your personal attitude toward him." - Norman Vincent Peale
"Risk is a part of God's game, alike for men and nations." - Warren Buffett
"Educational institutes can no longer be prizes in church politics or furnish berths for failure in other walks of life." - E. Franklin Frazier
"We've got a first class leader at the moment. David Cameron is dealing with the issues that he was left by the last government very well indeed." - Theresa May
"There are only really a few stories to tell in the end, and betrayal and the failure of love is one of those good stories to tell." - Sean Lennon
"Shareware tends to combine the worst of commercial software with the worst of free software." - Linus Torvalds
"All the commandments: You shall not commit adultery, you shall not kill, you shall not steal, you shall not covet, and so on, are summed up in this single command: You must love your neighbor as yourself." - Jesus Christ
"But the fact is that the vast majority of Republicans support the Sinn Fein leadership." - Martin McGuinness
"I love the idea of marriage. I definitely want marriage and little Kellans running around." - Kellan Lutz
"A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting." - Helen Rowland
"I don't need someone with a hot body. He can be fat or overweight and have a belly. It's very much about style and substance and humor, interest, curiosity and really being smart." - Kate Walsh
"I'm sure that my mom would have been happy with any path I chose." - Joely Fisher
"Non-violence requires a double faith, faith in God and also faith in man." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Because what happens is, as the economy suffers, tax revenues go down. But unlike businesses, where at least your variable costs go down, in government your variable costs go up: unemployment insurance, workmen's compensation, health care benefits, welfare, you name it." - Meg Whitman
"Gradually it occurred to me that we spend a great deal of life asleep and that dreams are little narratives, little stories. I thought, 'Who's choreographing this stuff?'" - Sue Monk Kidd
"When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace." - John Lubbock
"One of the great bands we opened up for was Priest back in '89. That was really great because at that time we had never met them, never toured with them before. They were a big influence on Slayer, so to open up for them was really cool." - Dave Lombardo
"Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny!" - Mitch Hedberg
"I think if you exercise, your state of mind - my state of mind - is usually more at ease, ready for more mental challenges. Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem." - Stone Gossard
"When we talk about Oscars, it's almost as a symbol of excellence, and the American public and the worldwide public accept that symbol. So, a movie like 'The Artist' that costs $14 million, has to go out and compete with movies that cost $140 million. How does David deal with Goliath?" - Harvey Weinstein
"Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison." - Gerard Manley Hopkins
"It is a great act of cleverness to be able to conceal one's being clever." - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours." - Henry David Thoreau
"My parents were both in show business. My father was an actor, my mom an actress, and both singers, dancers and actors. They met in Los Angeles doing a play together and so I grew up in a show biz family." - Micky Dolenz
"It was morning through the high window I saw the pure, bright blue of the sky as it hovered cheerfully over the long roofs of the neighboring houses. It too seemed full of joy, as if it had special plans, and had put on its finest clothes for the occasion." - Herman Hesse
"I want to say that probably 24 hours after I told CBS that I was stepping down at my 65th birthday, I was already regretting it. And I regretted it every day since." - Walter Cronkite
"For some Chicago expats, food is the medicine that blunts the pain of separation." - Mary Schmich
"The Rooneys are very classy. They're very deliberate with their decision-making. Once you're part of that family, Steeler nation, they treat you with respect. You don't have a lot of rambunctious players running around." - Tony Dorsett
"If there are more and more environmental refugees, they are going to end up on your doorstep too." - Nina Fedoroff
"In terms of filming, yes, it really does feel over now. There's a real sense of freedom now. It's a good time to finish, I think. As much as I'm going to miss it I'm ready to move on and do different things." - Rupert Grint
"The role of the teacher is to create the conditions for invention rather than provide ready-made knowledge." - Seymour Papert
"I never felt totally, 100%, patriotically English... I'd seen a lot of the world by an early age - sort of spent a lot of time traveling around Lebanon and I'd seen Babylon, and Damascus, and all sorts of places in the Middle East by the time I was ten. Then we'd return to Ruslip in West London... Done a fair bit of traveling really." - Andy Serkis
"I learned the truth at seventeen, That love was meant for beauty queens, And high school girls with clear skinned smiles, Who married young and then retired." - Janis Ian
"Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it." - Thomas Jefferson
"Our birthdays are feathers in the broad wing of time." - Jean Paul
"If you're in a bad situation, don't worry it'll change. If you're in a good situation, don't worry it'll change." - John A. Simone, Sr.
"I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid." - Roberto Cavalli
"If you have a line of business - I know this as a CEO - or if you have a teenager - I know this as a parent - who have a spending problem, what do you do? You quit giving them money." - Carly Fiorina
"It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams." - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
"As a single-payer advocate, I believe that at the end of the day, if a state goes forward and passed an effective single-payer program, it will demonstrate that you can provide quality health care to every man, woman and child in a more cost-effective way." - Bernie Sanders
"Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome." - Isaac Asimov
"We give a lot of others significance in our lives even when they don't deserve it. It doesn't matter if they're family or if you've known them forever. If they're not good for you, they've got to go." - Gabrielle Union
"Well, the truth is always what should be told. And the truth and the knowledge of the truth is what everybody should represent, regardless of the consequences of doing it." - Johnny Isakson
"If a secret history of books could be written, and the author's private thoughts and meanings noted down alongside of his story, how many insipid volumes would become interesting, and dull tales excite the reader!" - William Makepeace Thackeray
